==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 2,698 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 654.06 people per square mile (252.55/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,248 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 8.3%  [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 3.9% from two or more races. 1.5% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Dry Ridge CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Dry_Ridge_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3922660 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=10 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 1,149 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 28.6% had a female householder with no spouse present. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69, and the average family size was 3.05.<ref name="2020 census"/>

24.3% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 58.4% were 18 to 64, and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.6.  For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $92,645, and the median income for a family was $98,214. About 6.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 1.2% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over. About 58.6% of the population were employed, and 38.8% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

