==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 887
|1880= 930
|1890= 826
|1900= 722
|1910= 777
|1920= 810
|1930= 941
|1940= 876
|1950= 809
|1960= 837
|1970= 827
|1980= 941
|1990= 837
|2000= 806
|2010= 849
|2020= 784
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 849 people, 317 households, and 215 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|673.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.1% of the population.

There were 317 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 40.6 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 806 people, 314 households, and 204 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|806.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 314 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,806, and the median income for a family was $43,654. Males had a median income of $30,729 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,066. About 7.1% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

