==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 304
|1940= 359
|1950= 357
|1960= 324
|1970= 220
|1980= 205
|1990= 197
|2000= 249
|2010= 159
|2020= 141
|footnote=<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Sauget%20village,%20Illinois|title = Search Results}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 249 people, 101 households, and 61 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|60.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 70.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 27.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212052248/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=86000US62201&_geoContext=01000US%7C86000US62201&_street=&_county=Sauget,+Illinois&_cityTown=Sauget,+Illinois&_state=04000US17&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=860&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=DEC_2000_SAFF&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry= Census factsheet]</ref>

There were 101 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,833, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $40,833 versus $25,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,330. About 20.0% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.1% of those 65 or over.

