==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 330
|2000= 449
|2010= 440
|2020= 427
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 440 people, 147 households, and 117 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|666.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 147 households, of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.4% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the town was 35.3 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 7.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 449 people, 135 households, and 115 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 633.9 people per square mile (244.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 143 housing units at an average density of 201.9 per square mile (77.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.90% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 52.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.8% were non-families. 6.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.33 and the average family size was 3.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.9% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 2.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,625, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $39,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,767. About 1.6% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

