==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 60
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 49 people, 29 households, and 6 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|767.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|563.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.16% of the population.

There were 29 households, out of which 3.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 20.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 75.9% were non-families. 69.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.69 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 10.2% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 49.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $12,361 and the [[per capita income]] was $9,489. There were no families and 29.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no people under eighteen and none of those over 64.

