==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 151
|1920= 145
|1930= 135
|1940= 84
|1950= 53
|1960= 48
|1970= 39
|1980= 29
|1990= 18
|2000= 11
|2010= 18
|2020= 8
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 8 people, 4 households, and 2 families in Frederick.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Frederick%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 41.7 per square mile (16.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 9 housing units at an average density of 46.9 per square mile (18.1/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Frederick%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 75.0% (6) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (75.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 12.5% (1) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.5% (1) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Frederick%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 25.0% (2) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Frederick%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 4 households, 25.0% had children under the age of 18; 50.0% were married couples living together; 0.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.0% of households consisted of individuals and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.9 and the average family size was 1.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Frederick%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Frederick%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

25.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 37.5% from 25 to 44, 12.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 700.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 500.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $31,250 (with a margin of error of +/- $2,249) and the median family income was $31,250 (+/- $2,249).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Frederick%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 18 people, 8 households, and 6 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|94.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 50.1% were from 45 to 64; and 5.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 11 people, 7 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|57.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 7 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 7 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 42.9% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.57 and the average family size was 2.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 54.5% from 45 to 64, and 45.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,845. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

