==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 394
| 1890 = 760
| 1910 = 1104
| 1920 = 1112
| 1930 = 1245
| 1940 = 1138
| 1950 = 1069
| 1960 = 1021
| 1970 = 1082
| 1980 = 1273
| 1990 = 1329
| 2000 = 1397
| 2010 = 1495
| 2020 = 1448
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,495 people, 628 households, and 356 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|782.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 823 housing units at an average density of {{convert|430.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 628 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 44.1 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,397 people, 591 households, and 348 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 732.6 people per square mile (282.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 677 housing units at an average density of 355.0 per square mile (136.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 96.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. 2.36% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 591 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $43,625. Males had a median income of $29,438 versus $21,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,676. About 5.4% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

