==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 1003
| 1890 = 639
| 1900 = 739
| 1910 = 625
| 1920 = 628
| 1930 = 554
| 1940 = 591
| 1950 = 579
| 1960 = 591
| 1970 = 612
| 1980 = 587
| 1990 = 553
| 2000 = 585
| 2010 = 542
| 2020 = 562
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 542 people, 241 households, and 152 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|430.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 318 housing units at an average density of {{convert|252.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 6.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.8% of the population.

There were 241 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the village was 44.9 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 585 people, 253 households, and 152 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 464.2 people per square mile (179.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 289 housing units at an average density of 229.3 per square mile (88.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 253 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,917, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $24,423 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,811. About 10.3% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

