==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 871
|1900= 926
|1910= 1128
|1920= 1364
|1930= 1446
|1940= 1675
|1950= 1508
|1960= 1415
|1970= 1456
|1980= 1368
|1990= 1104
|2000= 1116
|2010= 1173
|2020= 1053
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,173 people, 702 households, and 263 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1094.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 996 housing units at an average density of {{convert|605.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 704 households, of which 88.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 3.1% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals; 20.4% consisted of someone who was 65 years of age or older and living alone. The average household size was 2.4 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the city was 39.7 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.8% male and 53.2% female

