==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 1366
| 1880 = 1853
| 1900 = 2115
| 1910 = 2054
| 1920 = 2835
| 1930 = 2241
| 1940 = 2677
| 1950 = 2565
| 1960 = 2307
| 1970 = 1763
| 1980 = 1491
| 1990 = 1094
| 2000 = 1014
| 2010 = 876
| 2020 = 718
| estyear = 2021
| estimate = 707
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 876 people, 385 households, and 225 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2305.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 480 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1263.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 385 households, of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.6% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 37.1 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,094 people, 423 households, and 266 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,413.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 499 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,187.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 74.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.78% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.07% of the population.

There were 423 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,190, and the median income for a family was $26,964. Males had a median income of $21,938 versus $18,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,678. About 24.7% of families and 30.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.3% of those under age 18 and 23.5% of those age 65 or over.

