==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 223
| 1930 = 115
| 1940 = 115
| 1950 = 149
| 1960 = 154
| 1970 = 175
| 1980 = 258
| 1990 = 215
| 2000 = 200
| 2010 = 210
| 2020 = 229
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 210 people, 109 households and 64 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|525.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|452.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 109 households, of which 13.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.42.

The median age was 58.5 years. 12.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.2% were from 25 to 44; 39.6% were from 45 to 64; and 30% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 200 people, 104 households and 68 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|364.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 104 households, of which 9.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.33.

10.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 14.0% from 25 to 44, 31.0% from 45 to 64, and 42.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,417 and the median family income was $37,500. Males had a median income of $35,938 and females $21,667. The [[per capita income]] was $18,184. About 3.2% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 12.3% of those 65 or over.

