==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 315
|1890= 486
|1900= 538
|1910= 688
|1920= 646
|1930= 664
|1940= 625
|1950= 571
|1960= 528
|1970= 540
|1980= 656
|1990= 518
|2000= 586
|2010= 554
|2020= 515
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 554 people, 243 households, and 151 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1231.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 281 housing units at an average density of {{convert|624.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 243 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 586 people, 258 households, and 176 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,314.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|654.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 258 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $35,875. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $19,327 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,128. About 10.6% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 18.8% of those age 65 or over.

