==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 282
|1890= 610
|1900= 963
|1910= 1081
|1920= 1210
|1930= 1327
|1940= 1256
|1950= 1233
|1960= 1192
|1970= 1315
|1980= 1335
|1990= 1253
|2000= 1270
|2010= 1170
|2020= 1239
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,170 people, 506 households, and 323 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1135.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 579 housing units at an average density of {{convert|562.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 506 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 44.6 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,270 people, 564 households, and 350 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,229.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 598 housing units at an average density of {{convert|578.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.35% White, 0.39% African American, 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% Asian, 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 564 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were married couples living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 27.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $28,056 versus $18,869 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,268. About 3.8% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

