==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 1250
| 1890 = 1354
| 1900 = 1376
| 1910 = 1881
| 1920 = 2134
| 1930 = 2214
| 1940 = 2253
| 1950 = 2664
| 1960 = 2996
| 1970 = 3356
| 1980 = 3584
| 1990 = 3873
| 2000 = 3775
| 2010 = 3655
| 2020 = 3767
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,655 people, 1,497 households, and 1,006 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1138.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,620 housing units at an average density of {{convert|504.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 1,497 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 38.7 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,775 people, 1,474 households, and 1,037 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,126.8 people per square mile (435.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,584 housing units at an average density of 472.8 per square mile (182.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.53% from two or more races. 2.09% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race.

There were 1,474 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $50,577, and the median income for a family was $58,393. Males had a median income of $38,008 versus $26,278 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,690. 2.1% of the population and 0.6% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 1.6% of those under the age of 18 and 0.4% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

