==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 2076
|1910= 3876
|1920= 9531
|1930= 11479
|1940= 10725
|1950= 9524
|1960= 8742
|1970= 7889
|1980= 6823
|1990= 5904
|2000= 5455
|2010= 5205
|2020= 5075
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,455 people, 2,414 households, and 1,489 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,389.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,772 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,230.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], .45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 2,414 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,935, and the median income for a family was $35,984. Males had a median income of $29,781 versus $20,829 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,285. About 12.0% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 13.9% of those age 65 or over.

===Ancestries===
People of [[Italian American|Italian]] ancestry account for 68.7% of the population. People of [[Irish American|Irish]] ancestry are another sizable group, at 16.4%. Other ancestries include [[Polish American|Polish]], at 8.3% and [[Slovak American|Slovak]], at 6.6%.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Vandergrift-Pennsylvania.html|title=Vandergrift, Pennsylvania (PA 15690) profile: population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving, houses, news, sex offenders|website=www.city-data.com|language=en|access-date=2018-10-22}}</ref>

