==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 285
|1890= 341
|1900= 464
|1910= 470
|1920= 537
|1930= 668
|1940= 987
|1950= 2005
|1960= 2268
|1970= 2169
|1980= 2128
|1990= 2064
|2000= 2729
|2010= 2786
|2020= 2909
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,729 people, 1,219 households, and 789 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 890.7 people per square mile (344.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,279 housing units at an average density of 417.5 per square mile (161.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 1,219 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,720, and the median income for a family was $39,938. Males had a median income of $30,347 versus $23,482 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,412. About 11.5% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.1% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

