==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 199
|1900= 536
|1910= 932
|1920= 1140
|1930= 1175
|1940= 1382
|1950= 1322
|1960= 1089
|1970= 1030
|1980= 1017
|1990= 875
|2000= 881
|2010= 864
|2020= 764
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 864 people, 333 households, and 241 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1371.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 397 housing units at an average density of {{convert|630.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 333 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 38.6 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 881 people, 370 households, and 237 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,367.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 414 housing units at an average density of {{convert|642.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.68% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 370 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,672, and the median income for a family was $33,864. Males had a median income of $30,063 versus $19,259 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,986. About 11.3% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

