==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 173
| 1980 = 256
| 1990 = 269
| 2000 = 423
| 2010 = 488
| 2020 = 487
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 545
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 423&nbsp;people, 162&nbsp;households, and 121&nbsp;families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 233.7/mi² (90.2/km{{sup|2}}).  There were 168 housing units at an average density of 92.8/mi² 35.8/km{{sup|2}}).  The racial makeup of the town was 92.43% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.65% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.71% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.65% from two or more races.  6.15% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 162 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.3% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older.  The median age was 39&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 94.9&nbsp;males.  For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 88.6&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,964, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $32,708 versus $25,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,028.  About 4.2% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

