==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 211
|1890= 447
|1900= 366
|1910= 346
|1920= 250
|1930= 282
|1940= 281
|1950= 362
|1960= 356
|1970= 400
|1980= 353
|1990= 320
|2000= 324
|2010= 309
|2020= 285
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 309 people, 106 households, and 77 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|315.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 106 households, of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.4% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the village was 39.2 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 324 people, 114 households, and 93 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|320.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 114 households, out of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.4% were non-families. 14.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,844, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $31,429 versus $25,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,101.  About 8.3% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.5% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

