==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1890= 90
|1900= 62
|1910= 158
|1920= 243
|1930= 436
|1940= 607
|1950= 1010
|1960= 1036
|1970= 1013
|1980= 955
|1990= 918
|2000= 835
|2010= 741
|2020= 772
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 741 people, 327 households, and 204 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1001.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 385 housing units at an average density of {{convert|520.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.0% of the population.

There were 327 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.6% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 49.1 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.3% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 26.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 835 people, 356 households, and 232 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,117.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 425 housing units at an average density of {{convert|568.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.35% of the population.

There were 356 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,969, and the median income for a family was $46,563. Males had a median income of $30,132 versus $16,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,020. About 7.0% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

