==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 248
|1930= 262
|1940= 286
|1950= 277
|1960= 312
|1970= 448
|1980= 466
|1990= 524
|2000= 536
|2010= 658
|2020= 839
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===

As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 658 people, 297 households, and 177 families living in the town.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|557.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 339 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 297 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 37.7 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 536 people, 235 households, and 149 families living in the town.  The population density was {{convert|582.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 251 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 235 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,156, and the median income for a family was $53,214. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $22,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $26,270.  About 6.0% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 20.8% of those age 65 or over.

