==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 204
|1940= 212
|1950= 174
|1960= 233
|1970= 456
|1980= 488
|1990= 691
|2000= 1027
|2010= 1192
|2020= 1365
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,365 people, 745 households, and 504 families residing in the town.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Lake Lure racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3736500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,255
| 91.94%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 8
| 0.59%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 9
| 0.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 45
| 3.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 48
| 3.52%
|}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,027 people, 495 households, and 359 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|75.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,957 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.10% of the population.

There were 495 households, out of which 10.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.38.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 10.4% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 14.1% from 25 to 44, 35.9% from 45 to 64, and 36.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 59 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,417, and the median income for a family was $45,833. Males had a median income of $39,464 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,459. About 4.9% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

