==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 89
|1980= 147
|1990= 140
|2000= 153
|2010= 150
|2020= 151
|estyear=2024
|estimate=149
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 150 people, 61 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|789.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|352.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 37 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 10% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.0% male and 46.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 153 people, 60 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|846.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.65% from two or more races.

There were 60 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 41.2% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 5.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $51,458, and the median income for a family was $51,667. Males had a median income of $37,188 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,330. About 6.0% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

