==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 636
| 1930 = 740
| 1940 = 811
| 1950 = 964
| 1960 = 743
| 1970 = 716
| 1980 = 705
| 1990 = 342
| 2000 = 209
| 2010 = 406
| 2020 = 317
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The median income for a household in the town was $31,500, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,695. About 4.0% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.9% of those 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 406 people, 152 households, and 110 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1041.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|420.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 152 households, of which 40.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the town was 37.5 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

