==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2010= 8166
|2020= 8421
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br>
2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Greenbriar was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]] formed from part of [[Chantilly, Virginia|Chantilly CDP]].<ref name=2010CensusVA/>

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Greenbriar CDP, Virginia – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Greenbriar CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5132592&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Greenbriar CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5132592&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|4,992
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4,435
|61.13%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |52.67%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|424
|style='background: #ffffe6; |437
|5.19%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5.19%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|10
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4
|0.12%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.05%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|1,448
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2,118
|17.73%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |25.15%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|7
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4
|0.09%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.05%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|7
|style='background: #ffffe6; |47
|0.09%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.56%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|235
|style='background: #ffffe6; |412
|2.88%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.89%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|1,043
|style='background: #ffffe6; |964
|12.77%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |11.45%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''8,166'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''8,421 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

''This section includes some information from the [[American Community Survey|2022 American Community Survey]]''

At the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]] there were 8,421 people, 3,229 housing units and 3,021 households residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 5,363.7 inhabitants per square mile (2,074.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The average housing unit density was 2,056.7 per square mile (795.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 54.55% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|White]], 5.46% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|African American]], 0.49% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Native American]], 25.27% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Asian]], 0.06% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Pacific Islander]], 4.75% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|other races]], and 9.42% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Latino]] of any race was 11.45% of the population.<ref name=":1" />

Of the households, 2.7% were non-family households, 56.9% were married couple families, 23.7% were a male family householder with no spouse, and 16.7% were a female family householder with no spouse. The average family household had 3.17 people.<ref name=":1" />

The median age was 40.3, 23.4% of people were under the age of 18, and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The largest ancestry is the 11.8% who had [[German Americans|German ancestry]], 34.9% spoke a language other than [[English language|English]] at home, and 26.5% were born outside the United States, 42.9% of whom were [[Naturalized citizen of the United States|naturalized citizens]].<ref name=":1" />

The median income for a household in the CDP was $127,100, and the median income for a family was $159,412. 9.9% of the population were [[Veteran#United States|military veterans]], and 62.6% had a [[Bachelor's degree|bachelor's degree]] or [[Higher degree|higher]]. In the CDP 7.2% of the population was below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under the age of 18 and 4.3% of those aged 65 or over, with 7.3% of the population without [[Health insurance in the United States|health insurance]].<ref name=":1" />

===2010 census===
The population at the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] was 8,166.<ref name=":0">[https://archive.today/20120711160933/http://mcdc.missouri.edu/webrepts/pl94trends/Virginia_stplace2.html Virginia Trend Report 2: State and Complete Places (Sub-state 2010 Census Data).] Missouri Census Data Center. Accessed June 8, 2011.</ref>

