==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 899
|1980= 1090
|1990= 1048
|2000= 1199
|2010= 1022
|2020= 917
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,199 people, 467 households and 312 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|467.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 601 housing units at an average density of {{convert|234.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 67.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 25.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 71.23% of the population.

There were 467 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.13.

26.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,513, and the median family income was $31,983. Males had a median income of $27,167 compared with $20,054 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,670. About 11.9% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

