==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 227
|1880= 250
|1890= 132
|1900= 1156
|1910= 794
|1920= 848
|1930= 1210
|1940= 1144
|1950= 1060
|1960= 1096
|1970= 1122
|1980= 1228
|1990= 1107
|2000= 1145
|2010= 1089
|2020= 1027
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,089 people, 496 households, and 292 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|818.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 545 housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 496 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.1% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 20.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,147 people, 483 households, and 310 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|858.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 517 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.10% of the population.

There were 483 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,757, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $25,982 versus $18,919 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,657. About 8.7% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 21.1% of those age 65 or over.

