==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 198
|1930= 211
|1940= 228
|1950= 171
|1960= 146
|1970= 120
|1980= 114
|1990= 117
|2000= 96
|2010= 78
|2020= 63
|estyear=2022
|estimate=62
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 78 people, 38 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|866.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|477.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 38 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 48.8 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 35.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 96 people, 44 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,094.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|547.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.04% of the population.

There were 44 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 27.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,438, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,767. There were 8.0% of families and 17.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

