==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 221
|2020= 235
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Sierra City first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Sierra City had a population of 235. The population density was {{convert|109.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Sierra City was 198 (84.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (0.9%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 9 (3.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 26 (11.1%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 30 persons (12.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Sierra City CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0671778 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 129 households, out of which 17 (13.2%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 53 (41.1%) were married-couple households, 9 (7.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 44 (34.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 23 (17.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 44 households (34.1%) were one person, and 23 (17.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.82.<ref name=DP1/> There were 69 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (53.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Sierra City CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0671778 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 9 people (3.8%) under the age of 18, 20 people (8.5%) aged 18 to 24, 49 people (20.9%) aged 25 to 44, 75 people (31.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 82 people (34.9%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 57.5{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 130.4 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 129 (44.6%) were occupied. Of these, 106 (82.2%) were owner-occupied, and 23 (17.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

