==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 45
|1970= 102
|1980= 88
|1990= 75
|2000= 83
|2010= 71
|2020= 63
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 71 people, 29 households, and 23 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|236.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 29 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.7% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 48.3 years. 18.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 14% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 83 people, 33 households, and 25 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|273.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.20% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 69.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,583, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,501. There were 11.5% of families and 12.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

