==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1810= 68
|1830= 301
|1870= 435
|1900= 385
|1910= 352
|1920= 471
|1930= 455
|1940= 535
|1950= 666
|1960= 916
|1970= 1072
|1980= 954
|1990= 845
|2000= 855
|2010= 838
|2020= 961
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 18, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2024-06-18 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 961 people, 460 households, and 272 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|755|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.3% [[White American|White]] (88.1% [[Non-Hispanic Whites|non-Hispanic]]), 8.6% [[African American]], 0.48% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.72% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#Race|other races]], and 0.95% from [[Multiracial American|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 2.0% of the population. No one in the city identified exclusively as a [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Pacific Islander American|Pacific Islander]].

There were 334 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.04.

The age distribution was 27.2% under 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 or older. The median age was 38.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $50,938, and the median income for a family was $51,528. Full-time male workers had a median income of $46,944 versus $26,510 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,279. About 18.1% of families and 18.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.7% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

