==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=282
|2020=207
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Martell first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Martell had a population of 207. The population density was {{convert|94.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Martell was 73.4% [[White Americans|White]], 1.4% [[African Americans|African American]], 1.9% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2.9% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 8.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 11.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 15.0% of the population.

The Census reported that 93.7% of the population lived in households, 6.3% lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and none were institutionalized.

There were 95 households, out of which 25.3% included children under the age of 18, 38.9% were married-couple households, 9.5% were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 28.4% had a female householder with no partner present, and 23.2% had a male householder with no partner present. 27.4% of households were one person, and 18.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.04. There were 57 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (60.0% of all households).

The age distribution was 23.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% aged 18 to 24, 10.6% aged 25 to 44, 30.4% aged 45 to 64, and 29.0% who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 53.9{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males.

There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 95 (92.2%) were occupied. Of these, 69.5% were owner-occupied, and 30.5% were occupied by renters.<ref>{{cite web |title=Martell CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0646100 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 26, 2025}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=Martell CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0646100 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 26, 2025}}</ref>

