==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 106 people, 45 households, and 32 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3.7|PD/sqmi}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.9|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] or 104 people, 0.94% or one [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], and 0.94% or one person from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.89% of the population, or two people.

There were 45 households, out of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% or one household had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 17.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.2% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 41.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 152.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,857, and the median income for a family was $42,679. Males had a median income of $65,156 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,061. There were no families and 8.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

