==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 264
|1910= 457
|1920= 353
|1930= 295
|1940= 244
|1950= 223
|1960= 161
|1970= 139
|1980= 139
|1990= 118
|2000= 77
|2010= 12
|2020= 9
|estyear=2022
|estimate=11
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 15, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 12 people, 5 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|27.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 5 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 5 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them and 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.40.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 8.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 58.4% were from 45 to 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 77 people, 33 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|178.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|106.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 33 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.50.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 36.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,438, and the median income for a family was $60,313. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,327. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

