==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 182 people, 55 households, and 44 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 106.4 people per square mile (41.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 63 housing units at an average density of 36.8/sq&nbsp;mi (14.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.95% of the population.

There were 55 households, out of which 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.31 and the average family size was 3.84.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,273, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,005. About 8.0% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

