==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 458
|1900= 465
|1910= 497
|1920= 395
|1930= 371
|1940= 462
|1950= 399
|1960= 380
|1970= 336
|1980= 296
|1990= 268
|2000= 240
|2010= 221
|2020= 174
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{cbignore}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 221 people, 99 households, and 63 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|272.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 7.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 99 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 49.4 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 240 people, 104 households, and 74 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|283.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 80.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 10.83% from two or more races.

There were 104 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $46,500. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $30,469 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,605. About 3.0% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.2% of those 65 or over.

