==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 198
|1890= 167
|1900= 153
|1910= 162
|1920= 121
|1930= 104
|1940= 126
|1950= 198
|1960= 263
|1970= 204
|1980= 255
|1990= 248
|2000= 241
|2010= 291
|2020= 305
| estimate=299
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small>1880–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popcap_04.htm Population Data for Cape May County Municipalities, 1810 - 2000] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20181215221659/http://westjersey.org/popcap_04.htm|date=December 15, 2018 }}, WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref><br>1880–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170203145516/https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full|date=February 3, 2017 }}, [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed October 7, 2013.</ref> 1880–1890<ref>Porter, Robert Percival. [https://books.google.com/books?id=8gUkQkJdLpsC&pg=PA97 ''Preliminary Results as Contained in the Eleventh Census Bulletins: Volume III - 51 to 75''] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160113015316/https://books.google.com/books?id=8gUkQkJdLpsC&pg=PA97|date=January 13, 2016 }}, p. 97. [[United States Census Bureau]], 1890. Accessed October 7, 2013.</ref><br>1890-1910<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA336 ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160112231224/https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA336|date=January 12, 2016 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 336. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref> 1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA715 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States: 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 715. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[https://archive.today/20200212102220/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400910330 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Cape May Point borough, Cape May County, New Jersey], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cap/capemaypoint1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Cape May Point borough] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120430010122/http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cap/capemaypoint1.pdf |date=2012-04-30 }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===

The [[2010 United States census]] counted 291 people, 164 households, and 100 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|984.5|/sqmi}}. There were 619 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2094.2|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 94.50% (275) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 2.75% (8) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.00% (0) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.34% (1) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.34% (1) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 2.06% (6) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 0.34% (1) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 164 households, 4.3% had children under the age of 18; 55.5% were married couples living together; 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present and 39.0% were non-families. Of all households, 34.1% were made up of individuals and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.17.<ref name=Census2010/>

4.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 1.7% from 18 to 24, 3.8% from 25 to 44, 34.7% from 45 to 64, and 55.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 66.4 years. For every 100 females, the population had 84.2 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 83.6 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $51,250 (with a margin of error of +/− $36,659) and the median family income was $71,875 (+/− $10,854). Males had a median income of $108,125 (+/− $225,840) versus $ (+/− $) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $37,269 (+/− $13,473). About 8.7% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212084119/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400910330 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Cape May Point borough, Cape May County, New Jersey], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 241 people, 133 households, and 77 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|819.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,703.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.66% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603410330.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Cape May Point borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140704112207/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603410330.pdf |date=2014-07-04 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[https://archive.today/20200212094846/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400910330 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Cape May Point borough, Cape May County, New Jersey], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 16, 2012.</ref>

There were 133 households, out of which 6.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.27.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 6.6% under the age of 18, 0.8% from 18 to 24, 10.4% from 25 to 44, 34.4% from 45 to 64, and 47.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $55,313, and the median income for a family was $69,750. Males had a median income of $63,250 versus $30,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $52,689. None of the families and 1.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

