==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 910
|1950= 819
|1960= 799
|1970= 698
|1980= 547
|1990= 484
|2000= 548
|2010= 516
|2020= 445
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archivedate=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 548 people, 229 households, and 147 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|504.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 74.82% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 23.91% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.55% from two or more races. 2.19% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 229 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males. The median income for a household in the town was $23,281, and the median income for a family was $29,688. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,338. About 17.5% of families and 25.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.4% of those under age 18 and 22.5% of those age 65 or over.

