==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 143
|1890= 200
|1900= 186
|1910= 234
|1920= 261
|1930= 212
|1940= 275
|1950= 345
|1960= 349
|1970= 329
|1980= 331
|1990= 318
|2000= 263
|2010= 222
|2020= 259
|estimate= 266
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/straughn-demographics|title=Straughn Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 222 people, 81 households, and 61 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1585.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|692.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 81 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.7% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the town was 40 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 43.7% male and 56.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 263 people, 94 households, and 73 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,882.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|737.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,944, and the median income for a family was $33,906. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,693. About 11.1% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.3% of those 65 or over.

