==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 239
|1890= 481
|1900= 410
|1910= 328
|1920= 305
|1930= 297
|1940= 333
|1950= 302
|1960= 326
|1970= 383
|1980= 453
|1990= 395
|2000= 435
|2010= 435
|2020= 422
|estyear=2024
|estimate=403
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the 2022 [[American Community Survey]], there are 159 estimated households in Fisher with an average of 2.41 persons per household. The city has a median household income of $88,393. Approximately 8.6% of the city's population lives at or below the poverty line. Fisher has an estimated 71.7% employment rate, with 25.8% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 97.1% holding a high school diploma.

The top five reported ancestries (people were allowed to report up to two ancestries, thus the figures will generally add to more than 100%) were English (94.6%), Spanish (1.6%), Indo-European (3.8%), Asian and Pacific Islander (0.0%), and Other (0.0%).

The median age in the city was 31.6 years.

{| class="wikitable"
|+<big>Fisher, Minnesota – racial and ethnic composition</big><br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
! Race / ethnicity <small>(''NH = non-Hispanic'')</small>
! Pop. 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Fisher city, Minnesota|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALSF12000.P004?g=160XX00US2721158|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 17, 2024}}</ref>
! Pop. 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Fisher city, Minnesota|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2721158&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 17, 2024}}</ref>
! {{partial|Pop. 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Fisher city, Minnesota|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2721158&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 17, 2024}}</ref>
! % 2000
! % 2010
! {{partial|% 2020}}
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
| 424
| 409
| style='background: #ffffe6; |378
| 97.47%
| 94.02%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |89.57%
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 1
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0
| 0.00%
| 0.23%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 4
| style='background: #ffffe6; |3
| 0.00%
| 0.92%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.71%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0
| 0.00%
| 0.00%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0
| 0.00%
| 0.00%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0
| style='background: #ffffe6; |2
| 0.00%
| 0.00%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.47%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or multiracial]] (NH)
| 1
| 1
| style='background: #ffffe6; |20
| 0.23%
| 0.23%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |4.74%
|-
| [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
| 10
| 20
| style='background: #ffffe6; |19
| 2.30%
| 4.60%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |4.50%
|-
| '''Total'''
| '''435'''
| '''435'''
| style='background: #ffffe6; |'''422'''
| '''100.00%'''
| '''100.00%'''
| style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 422 people and 171 households, and 99 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Fisher%20city,%20Minnesota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=November 17, 2024 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|990.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|460.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.37% from some other races and 5.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 4.50% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Fisher city, Minnesota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/fisher-city-minnesota/160-2721158/ |access-date=November 17, 2024 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref> 24.0% of residents were under the age of 18, 3.9% were under 5 years of age, and 13.3% were 65 and older.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 435 people, 180 households, and 114 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1011.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|455.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.69% from some other races and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 4.60% of the population.

There were 180 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the city was 32.2 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.5% were from 25 to 44; 19.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 435 people, 177 households, and 120 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1092.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}.  There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|494.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 2.30% of the population.

There were 177 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $49,444. Males had a median income of $32,656 versus $20,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,083. About 5.5% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 3.3% of those age 65 or over.

