==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 102
|1980= 105
|1990= 102
|2000= 73
|2010= 83
|2020= 66
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 73 people, 34 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 18.1 people per square mile (7.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 44 housing units at an average density of 10.9 per square mile (4.2/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 76.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 23.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 34 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 35.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $54,375. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $30,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,219. There were 10.5% of families and 13.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

