==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 48
|1950= 43
|1960= 92
|1970= 59
|1980= 108
|1990= 106
|2000= 137
|2010= 105
|2020= 90
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Crooked Creek first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 137 people, 38 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 6.57% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 90.51% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.92% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, out of which 57.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.4% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.61 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 41.6% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 13.1% from 45 to 64, and 4.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $17,500, and the median income for a family was $23,125. Males had a median income of $13,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,495. There were 25.0% of families and 28.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.0% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

