==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1603
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Katonah is classified as a hamlet, with no legal status as an administrative jurisdiction. The Katonah post office serves portions of the towns of Bedford, [[Lewisboro, New York|Lewisboro]] and [[Somers, New York|Somers]]. Katonah was identified as a census-designated place (CDP) for the first time in 2010.

According to the 2010 United States Census, the CDP of Katonah had a total population of 1,679 people, compared to 10,739 residents of the Katonah ZIP code, 10536. In 2010, half (5,391, or 50.2%) of the Katonah ZIP code's population resided in the town of Bedford, 36.9% in Somers and 12.9% in Lewisboro.

Within the Katonah CDP, there were 589 households, and 445 families residing at the 2010 census. The population density was {{convert|2,398.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 619 housing units at an average density of {{convert|884.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.4% [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.9% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Katonah CDP, New York |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3638946 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212162745/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3638946 |archive-date=February 12, 2020 |access-date=January 30, 2013 |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder}}</ref>

There were 589 households, out of which 46.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83, and the average family size was 3.24.<ref name="Census 2010 DP" />

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 31.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP" />

For the period 2007–11, the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $166,296, and the median income for a family was $146,923. Male full-time workers had a median income of $104,250 versus $94,674 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $60,408. About 4.7% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Katonah CDP, New York |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US3638946 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212083421/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US3638946 |archive-date=February 12, 2020 |access-date=January 30, 2013 |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder}}</ref>

