==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 279
|1890= 292
|1900= 647
|1910= 493
|1920= 480
|1930= 350
|1940= 414
|1950= 400
|1960= 307
|1970= 316
|1980= 347
|1990= 350
|2000= 283
|2010= 234
|2020= 188
|estyear=2021
|estimate=189
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 283 people, 102 households, and seventy-nine families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|168.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 102 households, out of which 35.3% had children who were under the age of eighteen living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.10.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.1% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 8.8% from who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 27.9% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 25.8% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 12.4% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-seven years.

For every one hundred females, there were 106.6 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $21,818, and the median income for a family was $22,031. Males had a median income of $25,833 compared with that of $12,250 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $9,993.

Approximately 22.2% of families and 27.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 48.5% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 4.4% of those who were sixty-five or older.

