==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 1790
|1960= 1867
|1970= 1862
|1980= 1571
|1990= 1520
|2000= 1545
|2010= 1473
|2020= 1433
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,545 people, 619 households, and 433 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|4,788.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 634 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,965.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.13% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. 0.52% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 619 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $60,000, and the median income for a family was $75,520. Males had a median income of $51,167 versus $32,679 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $31,162. 5.1% of the population and 3.7% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. 3.9% of those under the age of 18 and 7.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

