==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 101
|1950= 82
|1960= 98
|1970= 102
|1980= 96
|1990= 66
|2000= 80
|2010= 138
|2020= 113
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref>{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> there were 138 people, 39 households, and 27 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1725.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|537.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the town was 47.8% White, 0.7% Native American, 50.7% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 60.1% of the population.

There were 39 households, of which 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were married couples living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.54 and the average family size was 3.89.

The median age in the town was 27.3 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 15.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.4% were from 25 to 44; 14.4% were from 45 to 64; and 6.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 80 people, 32 households, and 14 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,084.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|501.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.50% White, 5.00% African American, 1.25% Native American, 8.75% Asian, 5.00% from other races, and 2.50% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.00% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 21.9% were married couples living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 56.3% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $15,938, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,202. There were 40.0% of families and 40.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

