==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 482
| 2010 = 423
| 2020 = 421
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 458 people, 214 households, and 129 families residing in the hamlet. The population density was {{convert|45.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|23.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.62% from two or more races.

There were 214 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $39,688 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,776. About 14.8% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

