==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 202
|1960= 195
|1970= 165
|1980= 141
|1990= 130
|2000= 91
|2010= 123
|2020= 109
|estyear=2022
|estimate=108
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 2, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 2, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 123 people, 48 households, and 29 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|33.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|18.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races.

There were 48 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.6% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 32.8 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 91 people, 36 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|22.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|14.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 36 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,606. There were 7.4% of families and 5.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.5% of those over 64.

