==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2000= 808
|2010= 979
|2020= 904
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=March 27, 2015 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 979 people, 365 households, and 280 families residing in the town.  There were 428 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 95.20% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.90% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.10% from two or more races. 1.80% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 304 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,184, and the median income for a family was $50,875. Males had a median income of $40,250 versus $26,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,543. About 6.6% of families and 5.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

