==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 277
| 1910 = 270
| 1920 = 420
| 1930 = 387
| 1940 = 465
| 1950 = 482
| 1960 = 474
| 1970 = 433
| 1980 = 475
| 1990 = 446
| 2000 = 506
| 2010 = 518
| 2020 = 415
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 393
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 506 people, 186 households, and 129 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|333.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 220 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 77.67% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 20.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.58% from two or more races.  0.40% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 186 households, out of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.2% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,386, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $24,107 versus $22,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,726.  About 30.0% of families and 33.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.4% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

