==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2010= 528
|2020= 739
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
{{Multiple image
| header = North Woodstock
| align = left
| direction = 
| total_width = 200
| perrow = 1/1
| image1 = Woodstock_Inn_Brewery_New_Hampshire.jpg
| caption1 = Woodstock Inn Brewery
| image2 = United_States_Post_Office,_North_Woodstock_New_Hampshire.jpg
| caption2 = North Woodstock post office
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 528 people, 256 households, and 131 families residing in the CDP. There were 759 housing units, of which 503, or 66.3%, were vacant on Census Day (April 1). 480 of the vacant units were seasonal or vacation properties. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.8% [[White Americans|white]], 0.2% [[African American]], 0.2% [[Native Americans of the United States|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.0% Pacific Islander, 0.0% [[race and ethnicity in the United States Census|some other race]], and 1.7% from two or more races. 0.0% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3357220| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): North Woodstock CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=October 13, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213153744/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3357220| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 256 households in the CDP, 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.8% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06, and the average family size was 2.72.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

17.2% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 7.8% were from age 18 to 24, 26.1% were from 25 to 44, 32.8% were from 45 to 64, and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $40,083, and the median income for a family was $42,292. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $32,940.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3357220| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): North Woodstock CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=October 13, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213104538/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3357220| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

