==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 265
| 1930 = 228
| 1940 = 236
| 1950 = 250
| 1960 = 220
| 1970 = 199
| 1980 = 239
| 1990 = 228
| 2000 = 276
| 2010 = 300
| 2020 = 301
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 300 people, 126 households, and 82 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1200.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|556.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 126 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 37.9 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 276 people, 119 households, and 81 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,408.2 people per square mile (532.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 130 housing units at an average density of 663.3 per square mile (251.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 119 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,688, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,737. About 5.6% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those 65 or over.

