==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 2110
|1930= 391
|1940= 265
|1950= 251
|1960= 307
|1970= 241
|1980= 414
|1990= 641
|2000= 1765
|2010= 1664
|2020= 1442
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015 |archive-date=April 26, 2015 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |url-status=live }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 12, 2022 |archive-date=May 25, 2023 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230525062130/https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35 |url-status=live }}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,765 people, 536 households, and 411 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|635.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 720 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 70.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 25.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 83.4% of the population.

There were 536 households, out of which 50.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were married couples living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.29 and the average family size was 3.89.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 39.2% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $13,773, and the median income for a family was $14,318. Males had a median income of $16,912 versus $12,344 for females. The per capita income for the village was $6,721. About 56.7% of families and 57.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 67.0% of those under age 18 and 20.2% of those age 65 or over.

In 2010, Columbus had the [[List of the poorest places in the United States|21st-lowest median household income]] of all places in the United States with a population over 1,000.<ref>{{cite web |title=US Census |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212210359/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table |url-status=dead |archive-date=February 12, 2020 |access-date=January 18, 2014 }}</ref>

