==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 175
|1910= 185
|1920= 159
|1930= 295
|1940= 406
|1950= 524
|1960= 965
|1970= 1276
|1980= 1178
|1990= 884
|2000= 917
|2010= 992
|2020= 996
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{cbignore}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 992 people, 380 households, and 277 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3815.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 401 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1542.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.5% of the population.

There were 380 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.1% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the town was 46.8 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 917 people, 347 households, and 266 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|3,427.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,330.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.51% from two or more races. 2.51% of the population were [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 347 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 31.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $106,883, and the median income for a family was $126,662. Males had a median income of $96,588 versus $66,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $50,305. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under 18 and 2.6% of those over 64.

