==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1860 = 393
| 1870 = 238
| 1880 = 198
| 1890 = 304
| 1910 = 524
| 1920 = 507
| 1930 = 577
| 1940 = 606
| 1950 = 582
| 1960 = 530
| 1970 = 594
| 1980 = 611
| 1990 = 605
| 2000 = 648
| 2010 = 526
| 2020 = 496
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |accessdate=November 25, 2012 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2010, there were 526 people, 251 households, and 147 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|318.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 405 housing units at an average density of {{convert|245.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.1% of the population.

There were 251 households, of which 15.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 57.5 years. 14.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 36.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 648 people, 272 households, and 174 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|389.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 391 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.55% of the population.

There were 272 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 31.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,368, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $26,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,786. Roughly 6.7% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

