==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|340
|1900|356
|1910|320
|1920|315
|1930|304
|1940|329
|1950|363
|1960|389
|1970|361
|1980|415
|1990|387
|2000|386
|2010|367
|2020|385
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 385 people, 173 households, and 103 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 876.5 inhabitants per square mile (338.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 193 housing units at an average density of 439.4 per square mile (169.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.3% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.3% of the population.

Of the 173 households, 27.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% were cohabitating couples, 24.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 18.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 40.5% of all households were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.1 years. 26.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 and 44; 23.6% were from 45 and 64; and 20.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 367 people, 168 households, and 96 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|873.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 168 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 42.8 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 386 people, 172 households, and 110 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|920.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 184 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.70% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.78% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], 0.26% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]]. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 1.55% of the population.

There were 172 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.85.

24.6% are under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $41,563. Males had a median income of $30,909 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,674. About 5.0% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 20.5% of those age 65 or over.
{{Clear}}

