==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 205
|1940= 81
|1950= 73
|1960= 111
|1970= 109
|1980= 155
|1990= 131
|2000= 138
|2010= 79
|2020= 153
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 79 people residing in the village.<ref name="GR22" /><ref>{{Cite web|title=Ocean Beach, NY Population - Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts - CensusViewer|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Ocean%20Beach|access-date=2021-07-25|website=censusviewer.com|archive-date=July 25, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210725183841/http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Ocean%20Beach|url-status=usurped}}</ref> The racial makeup of the village was 100% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0% from [[Other races (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

===Census 2000===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 138 people, 61 households, and 35 families in the village.<ref name="GR22" /> The population density was {{convert|967.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 595 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4,169.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 96.38% White and 1.45% Asian. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.17%.

Of the 61 households 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 29.5% of households were one person and 4.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.91.

The age distribution was 21.7% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.4 males.

The median household income was $48,125 and the median family income  was $49,375. Males had a median income of $41,719 versus $28,750 for females. The per capita income for the village was $28,782. There were 15.2% of families and 11.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

