==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2010= 149
|2020= 125
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br>
2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Snowville was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusVA/>

Snowville currently does not have a post office and subsequently a [[zip code]], thus no [[demographics]] exist exclusively for the community.  The following demographics are for Hiwassee, Virginia, which includes Snowville, hereafter in the demographics section referred to as "the Greater Hiwassee-Snowville community" or simply "the community".

According to the [[United States Census Bureau]]<ref>"[https://www.census.gov U.S. Census website]"</ref> there were 1,865 people, 757 occupied households, and 576 families residing in the Greater Hiwassee-Snowville community in 2000.  The racial makeup of the community was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races, and 0.5% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population in 2000.

Of the 1,865 residents in the Greater Hiwassee-Snowville community, 18.7% were under the age of 15, while 4.6% were between 15 and 19, 4.7% between 20 and 24, 12.5% between 25 and 34, 15.6% between 35 and 44, 16.2% between 45 and 54, 7.0% between 55 and 59, and 19.8% of the population was older than 59 years.  The [[median age]] was 40.4 years.  There were slightly fewer females than males in 2000, 50.3% were males while 49.7% were females.

The [[median income]] for a household in the community was $32,950, and the median income for a family was $42,188.  Males had a median income of $30,068 versus $24,500 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the community was $15,812.  9.4% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

The mean travel time to work was approximately 29.9 minutes with 84.3% of the population commuting alone to work, 12.7% carpooling, and approximately 3.0% walking.  53.3% of residents indicated they were employed in the labor force while 1.7% claimed [[unemployment]] status; 45.1% of residents were not in the [[labor force]] in 2000.  87.0% of those working were employed by the [[private sector]], while 11.4% worked for the government, 0.8% were self-employed, and 0.8% were unpaid family workers.

