==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1890= 696
|1900= 696
|1910= 790
|1920= 774
|1930= 944
|1940= 1057
|1950= 858
|1960= 855
|1970= 327
|1980= 725
|1990= 708
|2000= 723
|2010= 500
|2020= 558
|estyear=2021
|estimate=563
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 723 people, 277 households, and 188 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|140.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.<ref name="GR2" />
The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 99.45% White, 0.28% African American, 0.14% Native American, and 0.14% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 277 households; 31.4% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 54.2% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.4% of households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% were one-person households with residents who were aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.01.

The age distribution was 19.4% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 8.3% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 30.7% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 29.9% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 11.8% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty years.

For every one hundred females, there were 112.0 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 113.6 males.

The median household income was $35,781 and the median family income was $40,455. Males had a median income of $28,611 compared with that of $24,500 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $17,066.

Approximately 8.8% of families and 8.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.0% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 11.8% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

