==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 275
|1910= 313
|1920= 381
|1930= 337
|1940= 405
|1950= 349
|1960= 312
|1970= 287
|1980= 392
|1990= 303
|2000= 328
|2010= 322
|2020= 330
|estyear=2021
|estimate=332
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 322 people, 147 households, and 91 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|80.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 147 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 44.3 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 328 people, 143 households, and 94 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|81.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 143 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,558, and the median income for a family was $37,656. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,097.  About 2.4% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 23.6% of those age 65 or over.

