==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 666
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 627 people, 224 households, and 180 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|18.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 241 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.1|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.78% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.37% of the population.

There were 224 households, out of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.6% were non-families. 15.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,818, and the median income for a family was $39,500. Males had a median income of $31,484 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,646. About 8.0% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

