==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 716
|1880= 775
|1890= 922
|1910= 440
|1920= 1042
|1930= 909
|1940= 1003
|1950= 950
|1960= 950
|1970= 924
|1980= 933
|1990= 808
|2000= 843
|2010= 803
|2020= 688
|estimate = 678
|estyear = 2025
|estref = <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/ridgeville-demographics|title=Ridgeville Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 803 people, 323 households, and 219 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1433.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 371 housing units at an average density of {{convert|662.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 323 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 35.1 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 843 people, 340 households, and 234 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,429.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 368 housing units at an average density of {{convert|624.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.12% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 340 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,819, and the median income for a family was $40,547. Males had a median income of $27,596 compared to $24,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,547. About 7.4% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under the age of 18 and 9.2% of those 65 and older.

