==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 993
|1900= 1207
|1910= 1186
|1920= 1075
|1930= 887
|1940= 1066
|1950= 1112
|1960= 1155
|1970= 1207
|1980= 1245
|1990= 1119
|2000= 1126
|2010= 1120
|2020= 1051
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,120 people, 454 households, and 301 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1365.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 495 housing units at an average density of {{convert|603.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 454 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.7% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 41.5 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,126 people, 453 households, and 298 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,747.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 489 housing units at an average density of {{convert|759.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.51% of the population.

There were 453 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,574, and the median income for a family was $45,735. Males had a median income of $30,980 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,699. About 4.8% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

