==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 208
|1830= 426
|1840= 350
|1850= 400
|1860= 500
|1870= 827
|1880= 1015
|1890= 953
|1900= 1029
|1910= 1034
|1920= 1088
|1930= 1119
|1940= 1320
|1950= 1445
|1960= 1729
|1970= 1894
|1980= 1896
|1990= 1700
|2000= 1617
|2010= 1509
|2020= 1972
|estyear=2023
|estimate=2004
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,509 people, 629 households, and 411 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|949.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 713 housing units at an average density of {{convert|448.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 629 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were married couples living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 37.7 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,617 people, 651 households, and 453 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,105.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 696 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 651 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were married couples living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 25.9% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,804, and the median income for a family was $50,238. Males had a median income of $36,190 versus $25,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,171. About 6.4% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

<!-- Economy -->
