==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 407 people, 170 households, and 129 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|620.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of 295.6/sq mi (114.2/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.2% other.

There were 170 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,406, and the median income for a family was $79,500.  The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,197. None of the families and 2.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

