==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 232
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 160 people, 77 households, and 46 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|812.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|741.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.88% of the population.

There were 77 households, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 30.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $25,139. Males had a median income of $52,656 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,782. About 48.5% of families and 50.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 80.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

