==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]], there were 107 people (15 households) residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 12.5 people per square mile. There were 30 housing units at an average density of 3.5/sq&nbsp;mi. The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 92.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.87% from two or more races. There were no [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents.<ref name="2020-census-5589760" />

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 124 people, 29 households, and 24 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 14.4 people per square mile (5.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 34 housing units at an average density of 4.0/sq&nbsp;mi (1.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 93.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.03% of the population.

There were 29 households, out of which 55.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.2% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.28 and the average family size was 4.42.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 44.4% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 4.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $16,875 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,101. There were 11.8% of families and 17.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.1% of those under 18 and none of those over 64.

