==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 164
|1990= 127
|2000= 89
|2010= 75
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=91}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Toco racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4873196&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=2022-05-22 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=18 May 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|14
|15.38%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|56
|61.54%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|2
|2.2%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|6
|6.59%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|13
|14.29%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''91'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 91 people, 40 households, and 28 families residing in the city. As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 89 people, 34 households, and 26 families residing in the city.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|523.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 17.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 76.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.37% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.5% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $18,333. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,099. There were 50.0% of families and 56.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 83.3% of under eighteens and 23.1% of those over 64.

