==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 215
| 1930 = 181
| 1940 = 249
| 1950 = 212
| 1960 = 177
| 1970 = 185
| 1980 = 191
| 1990 = 175
| 2000 = 189
| 2010 = 179
| 2020 = 161
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 179 people, 80 households, and 53 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|162.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 80 households, of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the village was 43.4 years. 16.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 189 people, 77 households and 54 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 170.8 per square mile (65.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 81 housing units at an average density of 73.2 per square mile (28.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.53% from two or more races. 4.76% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 77 households, of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.91.

Age distribution was 24.9% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median household income was $38,125, and the median family income was $55,417. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,225. About 2.1% of families and 5.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 14.8% of those 65 or over.

