==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 197
| 1910 = 304
| 1920 = 296
| 1930 = 262
| 1940 = 255
| 1950 = 287
| 1960 = 345
| 1970 = 400
| 1980 = 575
| 1990 = 658
| 2000 = 593
| 2010 = 574
| 2020 = 591
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 574 people, 241 households, and 154 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1103.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 255 housing units at an average density of {{convert|490.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 241 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 42 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 34% were from 45 to 64; and 9.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 593 people, 213 households, and 156 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 991.4 people per square mile (381.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 223 housing units at an average density of 372.8 per square mile (143.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 213 households, out of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,167, and the median income for a family was $50,167. Males had a median income of $38,000 versus $27,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,134. About 0.6% of families and 1.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 5.8% of those age 65 or over.

