==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 2140
|1890= 3073
|1900= 4668
|1910= 4211
|1920= 2390
|1930= 1557
|1940= 1400
|1950= 1256
|1960= 1139
|1970= 1007
|1980= 1013
|1990= 830
|2000= 879
|2010= 726
|2020= 621
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 726 people, 376 households, and 161 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3630.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 512 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2560.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 376 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 57.2% were non-families. 48.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 40.4 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 879 people, 387 households, and 136 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|4,524.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 491 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,527.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. 0.80% of the population were [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race. 35.7% were of [[Finnish people|Finnish]], 10.3% [[Germans|German]], 9.3% [[Irish American|Irish]], 7.1% United States or American, 7.0% [[French people|French]] and 6.5% [[Italian people|Italian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]]. 95.7% spoke [[English language|English]], 3.0% [[Spanish language|Spanish]] and 1.2% [[finnish language|Finnish]] as their first language.

There were 387 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 19.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 64.6% were non-families. 58.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 24.8% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $17,404, and the median income for a family was $22,750. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,111. About 29.0% of families and 35.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.5% of those under age 18 and 18.9% of those age 65 or over.

