==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 723
| 1900 = 838
| 1910 = 741
| 1920 = 796
| 1930 = 892
| 1940 = 1052
| 1950 = 1383
| 1960 = 1496
| 1970 = 1469
| 1980 = 1635
| 1990 = 1657
| 2000 = 1536
| 2010 = 1621
| 2020 = 1795
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,621 people, 712 households, and 393 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1149.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 797 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 712 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,536 people, 706 households, and 391 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,158.9 people per square mile (445.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 759 housing units at an average density of 572.7 per square mile (220.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 99.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.26% from two or more races. 0.59% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 706 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 39.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,102, and the median income for a family was $39,000. Males had a median income of $30,602 versus $20,163 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,828. About 6.7% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.0% of those under age 18 and 19.2% of those age 65 or over.

