==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 436
|1860= 473
|1870= 568
|1880= 580
|1890= 515
|1900= 618
|1910= 745
|1920= 771
|1930= 757
|1940= 813
|1950= 822
|1960= 824
|1970= 907
|1980= 909
|1990= 911
|2000= 875
|2010= 841
|2020= 796
|estyear=2021
|estimate=794
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 875 people, 386 households, and 240 families residing in the borough.  The population density was {{convert|2,578.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 419 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,234.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the borough was 98.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 386 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,597, and the median income for a family was $37,222. Males had a median income of $33,438 versus $24,643 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $16,443.  About 7.7% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under 18 and 13.6% of those over 64.

