==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 3181
|1970= 4461
|1980= 4724
|1990= 4789
|2000= 4518
|2010= 4389
|2020= 4482
|estyear=2021
|estimate=4421
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2021.html|date=May 16, 2022|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 10, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=August 10, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,389 people, 1,831 households, and 1,281 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1836.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,945 housing units at an average density of {{convert|813.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 1,831 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.0% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 48 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,518 people, 1,769 households, and 1,326 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,898.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,834 housing units at an average density of {{convert|770.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.70% of the population.

There were 1,769 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 32.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $88,982, and the median income for a family was $104,771. Males had a median income of $74,722 versus $41,935 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $49,357. About 3.0% of families and 2.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 0.7% of those age 65 or over.

