==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 34
|1950= 31
|1960= 28
|1970= 33
|1980= 55
|1990= 60
|2000= 93
|2010= 93
|2020= 60
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Chistochina first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as the unincorporated village of "Chestochina." It was returned in 1950 and every successive census as Chistochina. It was made a census-designated area in 1980.

There were 37 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were married couples living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,107, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,362. There were 29.6% of families and 28.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of under eighteens and 27.3% of those over 64.

