==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 745
| 1910 = 1570
| 1920 = 1639
| 1930 = 2005
| 1940 = 2212
| 1950 = 2352
| 1960 = 2515
| 1970 = 2409
| 1980 = 2519
| 1990 = 2557
| 2000 = 2590
| 2010 = 2580
| 2020 = 2449
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,580 people, 1,065 households, and 688 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|763.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 1,065 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,590 people, 987 households, and 702 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|763.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,063 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.81% of the population.

There were 987 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $44,583. Males had a median income of $36,308 versus $22,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,063. About 6.7% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

