==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010 = 138
|2020 = 142
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2016 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, there were 138 people living in the CDP: 72 male and 66 female. 10 were 19 years old or younger, 7 were ages 20–34, 22 were between the ages of 35 and 49, 58 were between 50 and 64, and the remaining 41 were aged 65 and above. The median age was 59 years.

The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.4% [[White Americans|White]], 1.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Other]], and 1.4% [[Race (United States Census)|two or more races]].  4.3% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

There were 70 households in the CDP, 50 family households (71.4%) and 20 non-family households (28.6%), with an average household size of 1.97. Of the family households, 45 were married couples living together, while there were 2 single fathers and 3 single mothers; the non-family households included 13 adults living alone: 8 male and 5 female.

The CDP contained 156 housing units, of which 70 were occupied and 86 were vacant.<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=American FactFinder: Pine Lake CDP, Arizona |url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0455845 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213111814/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0455845 |archive-date=February 13, 2020 |access-date=January 26, 2017 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

As of July 2016, the average home value in Pine Lake was $333,955. The average household income was $67,392, with a per capita income of $30,281.<ref name="AZL">{{Cite web |title=Pine Lake CDP, Arizona – Basic Facts |url=http://arizona.hometownlocator.com/az/mohave/pine-lake-cdp.cfm |access-date=January 26, 2017 |publisher=AZ Hometown Locator}}</ref>

