==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 419
|1940= 491
|1950= 390
|1960= 428
|1970= 517
|1980= 470
|1990= 392
|2000= 427
|2010= 313
|2020= 241
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Cary Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2811820&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|80
|33.2%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|130
|53.94%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|26
|10.79%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|5
|2.07%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 241 people, 135 households, and 66 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 427 people, 146 households, and 107 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|584.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 34.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]],  0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 146 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.2% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,833, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $21,375 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,372. About 31.0% of families and 36.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 56.3% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those, age 65 or over.

