==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1900 = 410
| 1910 = 362
| 1920 = 390
| 1930 = 486
| 1940 = 375
| 1950 = 417
| 1960 = 339
| 1970 = 375
| 1980 = 503
| 1990 = 317
| 2000 = 358
| 2010 = 287
| 2020 = 147
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 143
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 358 people, 144 households, and 101 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was{{convert|329.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.77% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]] and 1.68% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]]. 2.79% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 144 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $32,000. Males had a median income of $21,705 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,624. About 20.0% of families and 25.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 36.2% of those age 65 or over.

