==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 246
|1910= 304
|1920= 400
|1930= 376
|1940= 285
|1950= 281
|1960= 323
|1970= 332
|1980= 363
|1990= 304
|2000= 332
|2010= 310
|2020= 260
|estyear=2021
|estimate=266
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 26, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> there were 310 people, 125 households and 83 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1823.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|805.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 125 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.6% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age was 38 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 332 people, 132 households and 97 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,999.8|/sqmi}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|837.3|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 98.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 132 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.89.

26.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $36,875 and the median family income was $39,625. Males had a median income of $26,417 and females $15,938. The [[per capita income]] was $18,532. About 1.8% of families and 1.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen, sixty-five or over.

