==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 105
|2000= 354
|2010= 328
|2020= 344
|estyear=2021
|estimate=346
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Bethania racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3705340&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 277
| 80.52%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 32
| 9.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 11
| 3.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 21
| 6.1%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 344 people, 146 households, and 115 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 354 people, 139 households, and 111 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|490.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.54% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.1% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $51,875, and the median income for a family was $55,357. Males had a median income of $45,500 versus $27,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $25,702. About 7.3% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

