==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 212
| 1920 = 174
| 1930 = 246
| 1940 = 328
| 1950 = 284
| 1960 = 324
| 1970 = 268
| 1980 = 198
| 1990 = 179
| 2000 = 305
| 2010 = 335
| 2020 = 278
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 305 people, 138 households, and 81 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,063.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 224 housing units at an average density of {{convert|781.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races.

There were 138 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,031, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $29,500 versus $23,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,404. About 10.6% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.1% of those 65 or over.

