==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 657
|1960= 882
|1970= 1103
|1980= 1204
|1990= 917
|2000= 858
|2010= 711
|2020= 584
|estyear=2024
|estimate=545
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Clayton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2215850&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 143
| 24.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 426
| 72.95%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 8
| 1.37%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 6
| 1.03%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 584 people, 189 households, and 107 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 858 people, 317 households, and 220 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|539.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 361 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 31.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 67.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 317 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.4% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,100, and the median income for a family was $15,598. Males had a median income of $22,250 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,955. About 38.9% of families and 45.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 59.0% of those under age 18 and 34.9% of those age 65 or over.

