==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 253
|1890= 419
|1900= 688
|1910= 624
|1920= 489
|1930= 582
|1940= 733
|1950= 834
|1960= 835
|1970= 917
|1980= 825
|1990= 796
|2000= 956
|2010= 769
|2020= 629
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Winton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3775080&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 179
| 28.46%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 378
| 60.1%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 20
| 3.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 22
| 3.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 29
| 4.61%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 629 people, 291 households, and 192 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 956 people, 373 households, and 252 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,180.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 385 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was  67.99% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 27.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 373 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,706, and the median income for a family was $21,838. Males had a median income of $21,875 compared to $17,059 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,049. About 19.3% of families and 20.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.7% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

Winton and the surrounding area is the home of the [[Meherrin Indian Tribe]]. This [[state-recognized tribe]] has more than 900 members.<ref>{{cite news |last1=Caudle |first1=Hollyann |title=People of the Water: The Meherrin Tribe |url=https://www.elkintribune.com/uncategorized/40994/people-of-the-water-the-meherrin-tribe |access-date=March 15, 2023 |work=The Tribune |date=November 30, 2022}}</ref>

