==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 345
|1890= 807
|1900= 1008
|1910= 1073
|1920= 1356
|1930= 1433
|1940= 1380
|1950= 1456
|1960= 1429
|1970= 1355
|1980= 1393
|1990= 1279
|2000= 1367
|2010= 1244
|2020= 1369
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=November 13, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,244 people, 528 households, and 343 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1337.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 633 housing units at an average density of {{convert|680.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 528 households, of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 44.9 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,367 people, 565 households, and 371 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,695.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 623 housing units at an average density of {{convert|772.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 565 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $32,663, and the median income for a family was $42,938. Males had a median income of $31,600 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,916. About 3.8% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.2% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

