==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 530
| 1940 = 548
| 1950 = 408
| 1960 = 325
| 1970 = 309
| 1980 = 309
| 1990 = 304
| 2000 = 329
| 2010 = 363
| 2020 = 262
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 363 people, 156 households, and 100 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|166.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 212 housing units at an average density of {{convert|97.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 44.8 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 329 people, 136 households, and 96 families living in the village. According to the posted population sign, White Lake currently has 375 people. The [[population density]] was 149.2 people per square mile (57.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 184 housing units at an average density of 83.5 per square mile (32.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.13% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,722, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $26,964 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,768. About 8.8% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

