==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 255
|1890= 301
|1900= 286
|1910= 223
|1920= 212
|1930= 208
|1940= 248
|1950= 270
|1960= 309
|1970= 338
|1980= 439
|1990= 470
|2000= 458
|2010= 665
|2020= 617
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/ |access-date=June 6, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there were 617 people, 257 households, and 190 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|811.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.97% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]], and 4.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.38% of the population.

There were 257 households, out of which 40.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.0% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 33.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 145.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 144.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $74.063, and the median income for a family was $86,500. Males had a median income of $63,026 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $36,357. About 1.1% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.5% of those under age 18 and 3.0% of those age 65 or over.

The community is served by the Newark Fire Department, the Kendall County Sheriff's Department (through the Newark Police), the Sheridan Volunteer Fire Protection District (for ambulance service).

The community is also served by Newark School District, (south of Pine Street in the community), Sandwich District 430 (north side of Pine Street to the border with LaSalle County and north of the Fox River), and Community District School District #2 (west of the LaSalle County Line, and south of the Fox River).

