==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 246
|1890= 377
|1900= 435
|1910= 951
|1920= 1294
|1930= 1316
|1940= 1264
|1950= 1395
|1960= 1609
|1970= 1596
|1980= 1736
|1990= 1710
|2000= 1463
|2010= 1255
|2020= 1196
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Fremont racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3724900&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 534
| 44.65%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 551
| 46.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 0.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 44
| 3.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 64
| 5.35%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,196 people, 426 households, and 212 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,463 people, 591 households, and 369 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,074.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 671 housing units at an average density of {{convert|492.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 45.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 50.72% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.67% of the population.

There were 591 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,167, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,869 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,892. About 15.6% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.6% of those under age 18 and 17.7% of those age 65 or over.

