==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 2794
|2010= 2676
|2020= 2416
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3910352&tid=DECENNIALSF12010.P1| title=Total Population: 2010 Census DEC Summary File 1 (P1), Burlington CDP, Ohio| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| website=data.census.gov| access-date=July 8, 2020}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,794 people, 1,127 households, and 734 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,961.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|871.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.72% of the population.

There were 1,127 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,995, and the median income for a family was $29,934. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $23,285 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,619. About 14.3% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

