==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 536
|1980= 504
|1990= 493
|2000= 458
|2010= 471
|2020= 413
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 458 people, 209 households, and 142 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|903.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|451.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.97% of the population.

There were 209 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,412, and the median income for a family was $36,806. Males had a median income of $27,750 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,042. About 5.9% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

