==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 191
|1930= 175
|1940= 160
|1950= 116
|1960= 128
|1970= 147
|1980= 155
|1990= 164
|2000= 150
|2010= 144
|2020= 131
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 144 people, 64 households, and 41 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|533.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.7% from two or more races.

There were 64 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the village was 44 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 34% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 150 people, 58 households, and 48 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|569.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.33% from two or more races.

There were 58 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.2% were non-families. 15.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 154.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 129.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,000, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,390. About 10.9% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 and older.

