==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 175
|1880= 642
|1890= 893
|1900= 1220
|1910= 1032
|1920= 800
|1930= 840
|1940= 820
|1950= 831
|1960= 917
|1970= 860
|1980= 884
|1990= 725
|2000= 841
|2010= 727
|2020= 652
|footnote=<ref>census data: 1870, 1880 : {{cite book|title=The History of Tuscarawas County|last=Mansfield|first=J.B.|year=1884|publisher=Warner, Beers & Co.|page=649|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=5DguAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA649}}, 1890, 1900 : {{cite book|title=Population of the United States by states and territories, counties, and minor Civil Divisions, as returned at the Twelfth Census: 1900|last1=Hunt|first1=William C.|year=1901|publisher=United States Census Printing Office|page=319|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Pnk9AAAAYAAJ&pg=PA319}}, 1910, 1920, 1930 : [http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch08.pdf 1930] page 57, 1940,  1950 : [http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/23761117v1ch09.pdf 1950] page 26, 1960, 1970 : [http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/26084397v1ch3.pdf 1970] page=144, 1990 : [https://www.census.gov 1990], 2000 : [https://www.census.gov 2000]</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 727 people, 278 households, and 194 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|886.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|392.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 278 households, of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 36.3 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 841 people, 306 households, and 235 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,036.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|408.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 306 households, out of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,526, and the median income for a family was $38,375. Males had a median income of $28,958 versus $20,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,498. About 7.6% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

