==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 108
|1890= 309
|1900= 412
|1910= 381
|1950= 622
|1960= 566
|1980= 413
|1990= 511
|2000= 466
|2010= 717
|2020= 546
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 466 people, 212 households, and 132 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|710.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|385.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 212 households, of which 30.7% had children under age 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 or older. The median age was 36. For every 100 females, there were 75.2 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 67.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $25,938. Males had a median income of $41,875 versus $17,292 for females. The national median household income was $46,326 in 2006 while the median personal income (including only those above the age of 25) was $32,140. The city's [[per capita income]] was $14,183. About 37.0% of families and 35.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.7% of those under 18 and 21.4% of those 65 or over.

