==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 234
|1910= 311
|1920= 405
|1930= 396
|1940= 467
|1950= 478
|1960= 500
|1970= 563
|1980= 559
|1990= 532
|2000= 502
|2010= 473
|2020= 506
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 473 people, 207 households, and 130 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|347.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 207 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 27.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 502 people, 204 households, and 138 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|417.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.19% of the population.

There were 204 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $44,625. Males had a median income of $28,229 versus $22,019 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,263.  About 6.5% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under age 18 and 27.1% of those age 65 or over.

