==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 182
|1920= 312
|1930= 334
|1940= 303
|1950= 322
|1960= 303
|1970= 230
|1980= 207
|1990= 354
|2000= 358
|2010= 319
|2020= 313
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 358 people, 141 households, and 102 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|395.2|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|191.0|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.77% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 1.68% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], and 0.56% from two or more races.

There were 141 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.06.

The age distribution was 26.3% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,409, and the median income for a family was $19,625. Males had a median income of $26,944 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,599. About 22.4% of families and 32.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.9% of those under age 18 and 17.5% of those age 65 or over.

{{clear left}}

