==Demographics==
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,188 people, 452 households, and 343 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|354.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 686 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.36% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 452 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.03.<ref name="GR2" />

In the community, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the community was $57,639, and the median income for a family was $67,000. Males had a median income of $48,409 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,903. About 2.4% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 2.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

