==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 412
|1890= 754
|1900= 673
|1910= 916
|1920= 910
|1930= 941
|1940= 841
|1950= 747
|1960= 745
|1970= 759
|1980= 807
|1990= 661
|2000= 712
|2010= 591
|2020= 523
|estyear=2021
|estimate=514
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 591 people, 236 households, and 151 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|938.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 283 housing units at an average density of {{convert|449.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 236 households, of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 44.7 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 712 people, 276 households, and 171 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,119.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 297 housing units at an average density of {{convert|466.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 276 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $34,286, and the median income for a family was $45,234. Males had a median income of $30,547 versus $17,019 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,438. About 4.3% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

