==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 439
|1920= 570
|1930= 521
|1940= 499
|1950= 627
|1960= 644
|1970= 516
|1980= 550
|1990= 501
|2000= 533
|2010= 429
|2020= 454
|estyear=2023
|estimate=448
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 429 people, 192 households, and 117 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|487.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.1% of the population.

There were 192 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 43.6 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 533 people, 214 households, and 144 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|608.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 247 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,143, and the median income for a family was $45,833. Males had a median income of $32,054 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,288. About 1.4% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.9% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

