==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 228
|1960= 198
|1970= 191
|1980= 153
|1990= 176
|2000= 182
|2010= 180
|2020= 171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 180 people, 67 households, and 49 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|428.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 6.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 43.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.9% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 33 years. 35.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 182 people, 69 households, and 46 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|429.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 14.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $31,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,531. None of the families and 2.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

