==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 535
|1910= 497
|1920= 452
|1930= 505
|1940= 495
|1950= 409
|1960= 420
|1970= 573
|1980= 622
|1990= 599
|2000= 634
|2010= 679
|2020= 541
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 679 people, 298 households, and 167 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|492.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 347 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.09% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.92% of the population.

There were 298 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 38.9 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 634 people, 276 households, and 170 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|478.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 323 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.58% of the population.

There were 276 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 84.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $14,236, and the median income for a family was $18,182. Males had a median income of $16,932 versus $14,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $7,695. About 38.3% of families and 46.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 59.2% of those under age 18 and 41.7% of those age 65 or over.

