==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 89
|1940= 84
|1950= 62
|1960= 36
|1970= 38
|1980= 45
|1990= 35
|2000= 25
|2010= 41
|2020= 38
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010===

As of the [[2010 U.S. Census|2010 Census]], there were 41 people, 12 households, and 10 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|292.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 12 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 9.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 12 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.7% were non-families. 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.42 and the average family size was 3.50.

The median age in the town was 28.8 years. 39% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 58.5% male and 41.5% female.

===2000===

As of the [[2000 U.S. Census|2000 Census]], there were 25 people, 11 households, and 6 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|182.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 11 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.0% under the age of 18, 16.0% from 18 to 24, 16.0% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,083, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $11,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $78,450. There were no families and 6.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

