==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1870 = 769
| 1880 = 656
| 1890 = 421
| 1900 = 265
| 1910 = 373
| 1930 = 196
| 1940 = 215
| 1970 = 306
| 1980 = 288
| 1990 = 264
| 2000 = 235
| 2010 = 212
| 2020 = 150
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 148
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 235 people, 104 households, and 66 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|252.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.47% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.98% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.13% from two or more races.

There were 104 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,563, and the median income for a family was $28,333. Males had a median income of $26,083 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,150. About 21.9% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.9% of those 65 or over.

