==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1372
|1890= 1589
|1900= 1808
|1910= 1808
|1920= 1798
|1930= 1764
|1940= 2002
|1950= 2174
|1960= 2349
|1970= 2351
|1980= 2300
|1990= 2235
|2000= 2418
|2010= 2451
|2020 = 2462
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5518875">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Darlington city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5518875&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=11 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 2,462. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,494.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,066 housing units at an average density of {{convert|647.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 75.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 15.6% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 7.9% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 23.7% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,451 people, 994 households, and 623 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1829.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,082 housing units at an average density of {{convert|807.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 8.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.1% of the population.

There were 994 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 38.7 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,418 people, 985 households, and 639 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,852.8 people per square mile (712.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,052 housing units at an average density of 806.1 per square mile (310.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. 1.12% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 985 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,539, and the median income for a family was $44,048. Males had a median income of $30,238 versus $22,033 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,403. About 5.9% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.8% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

