==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1258
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,234 people, 523 households, and 357 families residing in the CDP.

The population density was {{convert|813.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 567 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 91.25% White, 6.89% African American, 0.08% Native American, 0.08% Asian, and 1.70% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 523 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 52.4% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of eighteen, 7.2% from eighteen to twenty-four, 24.5% from twenty-five to forty-four, 23.0% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 24.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-four years.

For every one hundred females, there were 89.8 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,736, and the median income for a family was $36,650. Males had a median income of $30,216 compared with that of $19,722 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,142.

Roughly 7.0% of families and 18.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 29.7% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 18.7% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

