==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 273
|1920= 522
|1930= 472
|1940= 483
|1950= 528
|1960= 565
|1970= 566
|1980= 589
|1990= 504
|2000= 541
|2010= 482
|2020= 478
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 482 people, 177 households, and 133 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2095.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|843.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 177 households, of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.9% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the town was 37.6 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 541 people, 189 households, and 158 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,318.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|856.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 48.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.9% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 34.2% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $36,985. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,224. About 5.0% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

