==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 239
|1880= 245
|1900= 275
|1910= 287
|1920= 262
|1930= 261
|1940= 280
|1950= 295
|1960= 311
|1970= 364
|1980= 339
|1990= 300
|2000= 214
|2010= 227
|2020= 243
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
In 1950 Hollansburg had 295 residents.<ref>''Columbia-Lippincott Gazetteer'', p. 794</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 227 people, 98 households, and 66 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1891.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|975.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 98 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 214 people, 86 households, and 62 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,758.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|789.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.87% from two or more races.

There were 86 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 125.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $36,111. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,317. About 3.1% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 9.1% of those 65 or over.

