==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 4734
| 2010 = 5171
| 2020 = 5707
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR2" /><ref name="U.S. Census website">{{cite web|last=|first=|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/en.html|access-date=2022-12-02|website=|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|language=EN-US}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,734 people, 1,838 households, and 1,336 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was {{convert|508.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,984 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the community was 96.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 1,838 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.02.

The age distribution is 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $32,206, and the median income for a family was $41,332. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $25,933 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $15,518. About 11.7% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

