==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 159
|1910= 267
|1920= 273
|1930= 298
|1940= 286
|1950= 269
|1960= 255
|1970= 295
|1980= 247
|1990= 250
|2000= 184
|2010= 154
|2020= 171
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 170
|estref= <ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 154 people, 63 households, and 38 families residing in the village of Amesville, Ohio. The [[population density]] was {{convert|700.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 63 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, 39.7% were households composed of non-geanologically related persons, 31.7% of all households were made up of sole individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 36.5 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% of residents were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from between the ages of 25 and 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older.  Gender distribution of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 184 people, 70 households, and 52 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|829.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.17% of the population.

There were 70 households, out of which 44.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $44,000. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $24,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,554. About 8.3% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

