==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 98
|1890= 141
|1900= 160
|1910= 130
|1920= 109
|1930= 81
|1940= 82
|1950= 72
|1960= 77
|1970= 74
|1980= 140
|1990= 93
|2000= 90
|2010= 76
|2020= 60
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 90 people, 36 households, and 28 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|648.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.44% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,750, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $45,938 versus $0 for females<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|language=en|access-date=January 10, 2017}}</ref> The [[per capita income]] for the town was $39,651. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

