==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 216
|1900= 229
|1910= 268
|1920= 310
|1930= 220
|1940= 271
|1950= 332
|1960= 416
|1970= 392
|1980= 366
|1990= 326
|2000= 354
|2010= 348
|2020= 328
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 321
|estref={{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 354 people, 134 households, and 95 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|422.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.6|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.97% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.98% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,083, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $32,045 versus $17,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,333. About 9.0% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

