==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 868
|1970= 1172
|1980= 1334
|1990= 1190
|2000= 1160
|2010= 900
|2020= 822
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 U.S. Federal Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 19, 2015|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 900 people, 425 households, and 258 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|600|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 425 households, out of which 19.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.2% under the age of 18, 65.2% from 18 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years.

The median income for a household in the village was $59,583, and the median income for a family was $61,000. Males had a median income of $40,605 versus $31,435 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $30,199. About 6.8% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22% of those under age 18 and 1.6% of those age 65 or over.

===2000 U.S. Federal Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,160 people, 491 households, and 327 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|778.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 886 housing units at an average density of {{convert|594.6|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.55% of the population.

There were 491 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,914, and the median income for a family was $44,600. Males had a median income of $38,667 versus $25,521 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,642. About 8.2% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.5% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

===Housing (2010 U.S. Federal Census)===
There were 754 housing units at an average density of {{convert|502.6|/mi2|/km2}}; a total of 43.6% of housing units were vacant.

There were 425 occupied housing units in the village, of which 325 were owner-occupied units (76.5%), while 100 were renter-occupied (23.5%). The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.5% of total units. The rental unit vacancy rate was 34.0%.<ref name="GR8" />

''NOTE: It is common for resort communities to have higher than normal vacant house counts. Many are vacation homes which are seasonal and not regularly occupied.''

