==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 182
|1920= 193
|1930= 154
|1940= 125
|1950= 90
|1960= 65
|1970= 28
|1980= 25
|1990= 25
|2000= 19
|2010= 18
|2020= 10
|estyear=2024
|estimate=11
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 18 people, 8 households, and 6 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|50.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 83.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 16.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 8 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.17.

The median age in the city was 55 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.5% were from 45 to 64; and 27.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.1% male and 38.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 19 people, 9 households, and 5 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|53.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|white]].

There were 9 households, out of which 2 had children under the age of 18 living with them, 5 were married couples living together, and 4 were non-families.  4 households were made up of individuals, and 3 had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $0 for females. The per capita income for the city was $9,321. None of the population was below the poverty line.

