==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 181
|1870= 268
|1930= 485
|1940= 656
|1950= 764
|1960= 905
|1970= 1149
|1980= 2123
|1990= 2008
|2000= 2607
|2010= 2681
|2020= 2884
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2876
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,607 people, 1,207 households, and 731 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 457.6 people per square mile (176.6/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 1,352 housing units at an average density of 237.3 per square mile (91.6/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 96.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.34% of the population.

There were 1,207 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,148, and the median income for a family was $36,117. Males had a median income of $26,625 versus $18,194 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,633.  About 12.9% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.

According to the [[Modern Language Association]], there are (in descending order) 2,372 [[English language|English]] speakers, 55 [[Spanish language|Spanish]] speakers, 18 [[Vietnamese language|Vietnamese]] speakers, 5 [[German language|German]] speakers, 4 [[Italian language|Italian]] speakers, 3 [[Portuguese language|Portuguese]] speakers, and 3 [[Russian language|Russian]] speakers.  Thus, less than 4% of the town of Hillsville speaks a non-English language at home.

