==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 132
|1980= 294
|1990= 322
|2000= 307
|2010= 301
|2020= 394
|estyear=2022
|estimate=398
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=May 26, 2013}}</ref><br/>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 301 people, 121 households, and 80 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|316.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 37.1 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 307 people, 108 households, and 81 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|327.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.98% from two or more races.

There were 108 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.5% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,750, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,059. About 8.0% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those 65 or over.

