==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,659 people, 953 households, and 779 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 708 people per square mile (273/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 991 housing units at an average density of 263.9/sq&nbsp;mi (101.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.79% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 953 households, out of which 40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 14.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $54,261, and the median income for a family was $58,347. Males had a median income of $41,773 versus $28,940 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,094. About 3.2% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

