==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 42
|1880= 129
|1970= 985
|1980= 954
|1990= 820
|2000= 623
|2010= 713
|2020= 723
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 623 people, 252 households, and 172 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|177.2|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 269 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.5|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.01.

24.7% of the population was under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $34,792. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,854. About 10.8% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

