==Demographics==
Triumph first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2020 U.S. census]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=2020 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2020/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1776082 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 100 people, 48 households, and 38 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|671.14|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|348.99|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.00% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, none were married couples living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.83% were non-families. 20.83% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 1.71.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 0.0% under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 100% from 25 to 44, 0% from 45 to 64, and 0.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28.2 years.

