==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1950 = 269
| 1960 = 671
| 1970 = 1057
| 1980 = 1156
| 1990 = 862
| 2000 = 1043
| 2010 = 1061
| 2020 = 1015
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,061 people, 459 households, and 289 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1205.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 471 housing units at an average density of {{convert|535.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 459 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 40.7 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,043 people, 420 households, and 299 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,197.3 people per square mile (462.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 431 housing units at an average density of 494.8 per square mile (191.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 420 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $47,353, and the median income for a family was $56,875. Males had a median income of $32,625 versus $26,944 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,147. About 6.9% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

