==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000=7861
| 2010=8803
| 2020=9464
| estyear=
|estimate=
|footnote=2020 Census Data<ref name="Dunn Loring CDP Profile"/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Dunn Loring CDP, Virginia – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Dunn Loring CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5123984&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Dunn Loring CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5123984&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Dunn Loring CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5123984&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|5,410
|5,949
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5,482
|68.82%
|67.58%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |57.92%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|231
|272
|style='background: #ffffe6; |397
|2.94%
|3.09%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.19%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|12
|10
|style='background: #ffffe6; |10
|0.15%
|0.11%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.11%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|1,196
|1,739
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2,248
|15.21%
|19.75%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |23.75%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|1
|6
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3
|0.01%
|0.07%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.03%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|15
|16
|style='background: #ffffe6; |62
|0.19%
|0.18%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.66%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|220
|271
|style='background: #ffffe6; |562
|2.80%
|3.08%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5.94%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|776
|540
|style='background: #ffffe6; |700
|9.87%
|6.13%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |7.40%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''7,861'''
|'''8,803'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''9,464 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

At the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]] (some information from the [[American Community Survey|2022 American Community Survey]]) there were 9,464 people, 3,076 housing units and 2,806 households residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 3,943.3 inhabitants per square mile (1,551.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The average housing unit density was 1,281.7 per square mile (504.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 59.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 23.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 7.40% of the population.<ref name="Dunn Loring CDP Profile" />

Of the households, 75.8% were married couple families, 7.8% were a male family householder with no spouse, and 12.9% were a female family householder with no spouse. The average family household had 3.27 people.<ref name="Dunn Loring CDP Profile" />

The median age was 42.0, 23.8% of people were under the age of 18, and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The largest ancestry is the 12.5% who had [[Irish Americans|Irish ancestry]], 35.7% spoke a language other than [[English language|English]] at home, and 26.1% were born outside the United States, 77.1% of whom were [[Naturalized citizen of the United States|naturalized citizens]].<ref name="Dunn Loring CDP Profile" />

The median income for a household in the CDP was $238,734, and the median income for a family was $246,716. 5.8% of the population were [[Veteran#United States|military veterans]], and 78.5% had a [[bachelor's degree]] or [[Higher degree|higher]]. In the CDP 4.6% of the population was below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under the age of 18 and 2.6% of those aged 65 or over, with 1.6% of the population without [[Health insurance in the United States|health insurance]].<ref name="Dunn Loring CDP Profile" />

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of [[2000 United States census|2000]], there were 7,861 people, 2,668 households, and 2,038 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|3,855.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,711 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,329.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 74.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 15.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.87% of the population.

There were 2,668 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 14.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

Like other surrounding areas in Fairfax County, Dunn Loring is an affluent neighborhood with the median income for a household in the CDP at $204,797 (2013), and the median income for a family at $219,490 (2013). About 0.4% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.7% of those under age 18 and 1.4% of those age 65 or over.

