==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 905
|1920= 1241
|1930= 1051
|1940= 1187
|1950= 1163
|1960= 1060
|1970= 1051
|1980= 1081
|1990= 995
|2000= 852
|2010= 713
|2020= 555
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 713 people, 283 households, and 196 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1033.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 342 housing units at an average density of {{convert|495.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 67.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.45% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.56% [[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.12% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.81% of the population.

There were 283 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.7% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 39.8 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 852 people, 333 households, and 229 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,325.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 383 housing units at an average density of {{convert|595.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 57.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 333 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,804, and the median income for a family was $23,333. Males had a median income of $24,444 versus $15,804 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,031. About 29.5% of families and 34.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.8% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

