==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 423
|1870= 1008
|1880= 1402
|1890= 1155
|1900= 1172
|1910= 1016
|1920= 958
|1930= 1016
|1940= 1094
|1950= 1154
|1960= 1104
|1970= 1031
|1980= 899
|1990= 735
|2000= 787
|2010= 673
|2020= 736
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 673 people, 335 households, and 177 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1346.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 390 housing units at an average density of {{convert|780.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 335 households, of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.2% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the town was 47.9 years. 15% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 35.5% were from 45 to 64, and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 787 people, 330 households, and 228 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,393.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 371 housing units at an average density of {{convert|656.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 330 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,917, and the median income for a family was $52,813. Males had a median income of $35,250 versus $26,471 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,621. About 5.2% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under age 18 and 2.3% of those age 65 or over.

