==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 542
|1890= 742
|1900= 784
|1910= 824
|1920= 704
|1930= 750
|1940= 769
|1950= 724
|1960= 712
|1970= 628
|1980= 581
|1990= 483
|2000= 481
|2010= 440
|2020= 381
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Osyka Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2854640&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 9, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|165
|43.31%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|190
|49.87%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.26%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|3
|0.79%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|14
|3.67%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|8
|2.1%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 381 people, 154 households, and 102 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 481 people, 193 households, and 132 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|468.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 53.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 44.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.83% from two or more races.

There were 193 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,813, and the median income for a family was $25,078. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,550. About 27.1% of families and 29.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.6% of those under age 18 and 25.8% of those age 65 or over.

