==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 133
|1910= 179
|1920= 292
|1930= 212
|1980= 178
|1990= 217
|2000= 283
|2010= 383
|2020= 275
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 283 people, 88 households, and 62 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|356.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 36.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 30.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 24.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 21.20% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.22 and the average family size was 3.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.9% under the age of 18, 14.1% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $28,500. Males had a median income of $18,542 versus $17,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $5,833. About 13.6% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 51.9% of those 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

