==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1890 = 333
| 1900 = 369
| 1910 = 289
| 1920 = 495
| 1930 = 370
| 1940 = 308
| 1950 = 329
| 1960 = 239
| 1970 = 302
| 1980 = 286
| 1990 = 350
| 2000 = 419
| 2010 = 369
| 2020 = 369
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Dodd City, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Dodd%20City%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 27, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 419 people, 160 households, and 120 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|247.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 160 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,313, and the median income for a family was $45,972. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,873. About 10.4% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

