==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 462
|1870= 430
|1880= 502
|1890= 389
|1900= 375
|1910= 410
|1920= 372
|1930= 365
|1940= 435
|1950= 575
|1960= 586
|1970= 621
|1980= 809
|1990= 998
|2000= 934
|2010= 881
|2020= 842
|estyear=2023
|estimate=831
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 881 people, 337 households, and 251 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|908.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 370 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 337 households, of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.5% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 38.1 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 934 people, 349 households, and 255 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|989.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 361 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 349 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 108.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,522, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $31,477 versus $21,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,304. About 7.3% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

