==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = 
| 1910 = 194
| 1920 = 290
| 1930 = 326
| 1940 = 337
| 1950 = 315
| 1960 = 284
| 1970 = 306
| 1980 = 256
| 1990 = 300
| 2000 = 348
| 2010 = 360
| 2020 = 307
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 348 people, 157 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|112.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|58.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 157 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.70.

The town population distribution by age was as follows: 20.1% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,313, and the median income for a family was $43,636. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $16,932 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,441. About 3.1% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.6% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.

