==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 405
|1920= 300
|1930= 216
|1940= 210
|1950= 337
|1960= 252
|1970= 184
|1980= 222
|1990= 148
|2000= 227
|2010= 205
|2020= 204
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 5, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 205 people, 94 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|213.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.3% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the town was 50.8 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 29.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 227 people, 96 households, and 60 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 229.7 people per square mile (88.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 108 housing units at an average density of 109.3 per square mile (42.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.64% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,464. About 21.6% of families and 27.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.7% of those 65 or over.

