==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 128
|1950= 97
|1960= 55
|1970= 47
|1980= 57
|1990= 28
|2000= 31
|2010= 21
|2020= 10
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 10 people, 5 households, and 0 families in Hollenberg.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Hollenberg%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 137.0 per square mile (52.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 15 housing units at an average density of 205.5 per square mile (79.3/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Hollenberg%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 90.0% (9) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (90.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10.0% (1) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Hollenberg%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Hollenberg%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 5 households, 0.0% had children under the age of 18; 0.0% were married couples living together; 60.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 100.0% of households consisted of individuals and 40.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.2 and the average family size was 2.0.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Hollenberg%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Hollenberg%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

10.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 40.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.7 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 80.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 21 people, 12 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|262.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 12 households, of which 8.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 66.7% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 55.3 years. 9.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.6% were from 25 to 44; 71.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 31 people, 18 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|381.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.23% of the population.

There were 18 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 61.1% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.43.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 12.9% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 48.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,667, and the median income for a family was $52,083. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,143. There were no families and 14.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

