==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 879
|1880= 911
|1890= 1053
|1900= 1486
|1910= 1442
|1920= 1203
|1930= 1005
|1940= 967
|1950= 1005
|1960= 1005
|1970= 1054
|1980= 1025
|1990= 950
|2000= 1065
|2010= 1056
|2020= 974
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1779813 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 974 people, 488 households, and 256 families residing in the city. The population density was {{Convert|1,323.37|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 497 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|675.27|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.85% of the population.

There were 488 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.84% were married couples living together, 15.78% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.54% were non-families. 38.52% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.29% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.05 and the average family size was 2.20.

The city's age distribution consisted of 26.6% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,179, and the median income for a family was $55,833. Males had a median income of $42,917 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $24,417. About 18.4% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.7% of those under age 18 and 18.0% of those age 65 or over.

