==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 1050
|1970= 944
|1980= 865
|1990= 686
|2000= 685
|2010= 770
|2020= 513
|estyear=2021
|estimate=508
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 770 people, 303 households, and 197 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|726.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 343 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 303 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the town was 32 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 685 people, 270 households, and 186 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 641.1 inhabitants per square mile (247.2/km{{sup|2}}). There were 325 housing units at an average density of 304.2 per square mile (117.3/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 97.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.50% of the population.

There were 270 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $26,705. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,948. About 23.0% of families and 27.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.6% of those under age 18 and 5.9% of those age 65 or over.

