==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 1251
| 1910 = 1065
| 1920 = 653
| 1930 = 814
| 1940 = 797
| 1950 = 1013
| 1960 = 749
| 1970 = 763
| 1980 = 813
| 1990 = 674
| 2000 = 721
| 2010 = 581
| 2020 = 503
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 476
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Junction City racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0536130&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 258
| 53.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 201
| 39.96%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 29
| 5.77%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 9
| 1.79%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 503 people, 271 households, and 202 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 721 people in 251 households, including 186 families, in the city.  The population density was {{convert|635.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 288 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 55.20% White, 43.00% Black or African American, 0.55% Native American, 0.14% Asian, and 1.11% from two or more races.  0.69% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 251 households 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were married couples living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 23.1% of households were one person and 13.5% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.17.

The age distribution was 29.1% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% 65 or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median household income was $27,981 and the median family income  was $29,107. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $15,313 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,803.  About 24.1% of families and 31.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.5% of those under age 18 and 26.4% of those age 65 or over.

