==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 1597
|1880= 2199
|1890= 2657
|1900= 2368
|1910= 2484
|1920= 2725
|1930= 2909
|1940= 2599
|1950= 2727
|1960= 2553
|1970= 2403
|1980= 2342
|1990= 2180
|2000= 2032
|2010= 1852
|2020= 1794
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=October 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141003185009/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=May 12, 2015 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150512074548/http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/08000.html |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,032 people, 906 households, and 479 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,317.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,070 housing units at an average density of {{convert|693.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.31% of the population.

There were 906 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.1% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,992, and the median income for a family was $50,250. Males had a median income of $39,625 versus $20,595 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $26,799. About 5.0% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

