==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 216
|1910= 266
|1920= 324
|1930= 374
|1940= 338
|1950= 412
|1960= 382
|1970= 452
|1980= 370
|1990= 285
|2000= 318
|2010= 250
|2020= 245
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 250 people, 109 households, and 71 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1388.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|722.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 109 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 45.5 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 318 people, 124 households and 89 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,839.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|792.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 124 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.06.

28.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $33,750, and the median family income was $40,625. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,171. About 8.4% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

