==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 249
|1990= 101
|2000= 52
|2010= 93
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=71}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Domino racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4820848&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 24, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|5
|7.04%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|59
|83.1%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|1.41%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|4
|5.63%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|2
|2.82%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''71'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 71 people, 24 households, and 4 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 52 people, 19 households, and 14 families residing in the town.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|151.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|58.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 36.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 63.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 19 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 42.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $37,083 versus $21,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,795. There were 11.8% of families and 16.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

