==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 5,166 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 1,346.01 people per square mile (519.68/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,906 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.9% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 3.2% from two or more races. 0.7% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Miami Heights CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Miami_Heights_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3949420 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=19 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 1,828 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 16.3% had a female householder with no spouse present. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57, and the average family size was 3.02.<ref name="2020 census"/>

22.1% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 54.3% were 18 to 64, and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.1. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $106,005, and the median income for a family was $114,357. About 2.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 1.2% of those age 65 or over. About 62.1% of the population were employed, and 38.4% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

