==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 185
|1920= 428
|1930= 408
|1940= 375
|1950= 296
|1960= 230
|1970= 246
|1980= 177
|1990= 177
|2000= 149
|2010= 154
|2020= 168
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 19, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 154 people, 66 households, and 43 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|149.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.6% from two or more races.

There were 66 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 149 people, 66 households, and 45 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|145.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.68% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.01% from two or more races.

There were 66 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,357, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,772. There were 18.2% of families and 25.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

