==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 581
|2020= 543
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 543 people, 235 households, and 146 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 558.6 inhabitants per square mile (215.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 255 housing units at an average density of 262.3 per square mile (101.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 97.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.4% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.6% of the population.

Of the 235 households, 24.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% were cohabitating couples, 23.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 18.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.9% of all households were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 57.6 years. 15.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 14.4% were from 25 and 44; 31.7% were from 45 and 64; and 34.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

