==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|align = left
|1870= 697
|1880= 2229
|1890= 3092
|1900= 4337
|1910= 4883
|1920= 4860
|1930= 3930
|1940= 4236
|1950= 3881
|1960= 3831
|1970= 3505
|1980= 3456
|1990= 3313
|2000= 3165
|2010= 3148
|2020= 2747
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,165 people, 1,329 households, and 782 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 2,286.1 people per square mile (885.5/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 1,443 housing units at an average density of 1,042.3/sq&nbsp;mi (403.7/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 97.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 1,329 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were couples living together and joined in either [[marriage]] or [[Civil Union|civil union]], 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,608, and the median income for a family was $45,688. Males had a median income of $29,137 versus $22,340 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,276.  About 5.6% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those age 65 or over.

