==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 319
|1990= 354
|2000= 854
|2010= 1095
|2020= 977
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Salcha first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 854 people, 317 households, and 224 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|11.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 388 housing units at an average density of {{convert|5.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.82% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.64% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 3.86% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.94% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.22% from two or more races.  2.81% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 317 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $54,063, and the median income for a family was $61,563. Males had a median income of $42,863 versus $26,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,616.  None of the families and 3.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

