==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 1394
|2000= 1948
|2010= 2981
|2020= 3301
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790-2000)|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=July 31, 2010}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,948 people, 687 households, and 529 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 621.2 people per square mile (239.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 734 housing units at an average density of 234.1/sq mi (90.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 6.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.16% of the population.

There were 687 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were married couples living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.9% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 29.1% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,153, and the median income for a family was $41,864. Males had a median income of $40,250 versus $24,511 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,008. About 13.5% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

