==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 197
|2020= 184
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Lodoga first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Lodoga had a population of 184. The population density was {{convert|54.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Lodoga was 158 (85.9%) [[White Americans|White]], 9 (4.9%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (1.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 8 (4.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6 (3.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 23 persons (12.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Lodoga CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0642230 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 27, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 90 households, out of which 17 (18.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 42 (46.7%) were married-couple households, 2 (2.2%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 26 (28.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 20 (22.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 28 households (31.1%) were one person, and 17 (18.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.04.<ref name=DP1/> There were 56 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (62.2% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Lodoga CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0642230 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 27, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 28 people (15.2%) under the age of 18, 2 people (1.1%) aged 18 to 24, 21 people (11.4%) aged 25 to 44, 66 people (35.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 67 people (36.4%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 58.3{{nbsp}}years. There were 88 males and 96 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 90 (51.7%) were occupied. Of these, 79 (87.8%) were owner-occupied, and 11 (12.2%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

