==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 161
|1970= 144
|1980= 130
|1990= 117
|2000= 110
|2010= 100
|2020= 94
|estyear=2022
|estimate=94
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 6, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 6, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 100 people, 47 households and 25 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|212.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|121.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 47 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.8% were non-families. 46.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 43 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 22% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.0% male and 39.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 110 people, 51 households and 32 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|227.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 51 households, of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.73.

15.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 139.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 144.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $22,500 and the median family income was $28,750. Males had a median income of $26,875 compared with $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,654. There were 13.3% of families and 17.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 17.6% of those over 64.

