==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 227
|1970= 370
|1980= 286
|1990= 409
|2000= 436
|2010= 416
|2020= 351
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 436 people, 168 households, and 124 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|319.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 185 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.15% of the population.

There were 168 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.1% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,536, and the median income for a family was $34,250. Males had a median income of $39,250 versus $23,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,374. About 16.0% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.3% of those under age 18 and 25.0% of those age 65 or over.

