==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 1064
|1940= 988
|1950= 820
|1960= 587
|1970= 424
|1980= 329
|1990= 184
|2000= 80
|2010= 65
|2020= 85
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 65 people, 33 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|240.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.2% of the population.

There were 33 households, of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the town was 48.5 years. 15.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 33.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2020 census===
The 2020 census identified Luke as having a population of 85 people, 84 of whom were White alone, and 1 White and Hispanic/Latino. Housing units numbered 47, with 35 (74.5%) occupied and 12 vacant. 18 residents (21.2%) were under the age of 18.<ref name="cb2020">{{cite web |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Luke,%20Maryland%202020&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P1 |title=Luke, Maryland, Table Results |year=2020 |website=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 4, 2021 }} More results may be shown when the magnifying glass icon is clicked and the search run again by pressing Return.</ref>

