==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 338
|1880= 387
|1890= 525
|1920= 386
|1930= 376
|1940= 430
|1950= 508
|1960= 526
|1970= 514
|1980= 507
|1990= 478
|2000= 513
|2010= 434
|2020= 377
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 513 people, 176 households, and 133 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|763.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|266.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 176 households, out of which 44.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.6% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $34,643 versus $25,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,925. About 6.4% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

