==Demographics==
Hortonville is a part of the [[Appleton-Oshkosh-Neenah, WI CSA|Appleton-Oshkosh-Neenah CSA]], a [[Combined Statistical Area]] that includes the [[Appleton, Wisconsin metropolitan area]] (Calumet and Outagamie counties) and [[Winnebago County, Wisconsin|Oshkosh-Neenah]] (Winnebago County) metropolitan areas,<ref>[https://web.archive.org/web/20070526063716/http://www.census.gov/population/www/estimates/metro_general/2006/List4.txt METROPOLITAN STATISTICAL AREAS AND COMPONENTS], [[Office of Management and Budget]], May 11, 2007.  Accessed 2008-08-01.</ref><ref>[https://web.archive.org/web/20070629011223/http://www.census.gov/population/www/estimates/metro_general/2006/List6.txt COMBINED STATISTICAL AREAS AND COMPONENT CORE BASED STATISTICAL AREAS], [[Office of Management and Budget]], May 11, 2007. Accessed 2008-08-01.</ref> which had a combined population of 358,365 at the [[United States Census, 2000|2000 census]].<ref name="GR2" />

{{US Census population
| 1880 = 311
| 1890 = 440
| 1900 = 913
| 1910 = 863
| 1920 = 960
| 1930 = 906
| 1940 = 968
| 1950 = 1081
| 1960 = 1366
| 1970 = 1524
| 1980 = 2016
| 1990 = 2029
| 2000 = 2357
| 2010 = 2711
| 2020 = 3028
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,711 people, 1,045 households, and 766 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|781.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 1,045 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.7% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 36.7 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 2,357 people, 871 households and 634 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 868.2 per square mile (335.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 904 housing units at an average density of 333.0 per square mile (128.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 871 households, of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.21.

29.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $51,635 and the median family income was $55,298. Males had a median income of $41,689 compared with $24,680 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,277. About 4.4% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

