==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 537
|1890= 557
|1900= 616
|1910= 543
|1920= 534
|1930= 520
|1940= 478
|1950= 414
|1960= 466
|1970= 634
|1980= 832
|1990= 732
|2000= 759
|2010= 750
|2020= 733
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 750 people, 298 households, and 209 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|757.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 320 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 298 households, of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 40.1 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 759 people, 288 households, and 211 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|779.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 308 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 288 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,063, and the median income for a family was $40,789. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $19,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,509.  About 7.4% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 19.6% of those age 65 or over.

