==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 180
| 1920 = 398
| 1930 = 496
| 1940 = 472
| 1950 = 517
| 1960 = 622
| 1970 = 688
| 1980 = 488
| 1990 = 586
| 2000 = 523
| 2010 = 449
| 2020 = 305
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 283
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br />2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Grady racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0527790&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 73
| 23.93%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 182
| 59.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 13
| 4.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 36
| 11.8%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 305 people, 178 households, and 91 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 523 people, 184 households, and 142 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|278.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 241 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 31.36% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 65.77% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. 2.87% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 184 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.5% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,321, and the median income for a family was $24,500. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,679. About 33.6% of families and 38.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.3% of those under age 18 and 28.3% of those age 65 or over.

