==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 334
|1920= 315
|1930= 329
|1940= 321
|1950= 302
|1960= 249
|1970= 199
|1980= 210
|1990= 148
|2000= 154
|2010= 133
|2020= 111
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 133 people, 60 households, and 36 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|492.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 45.4 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 154 people, 66 households, and 46 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|594.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|343.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 66 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $24,250, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $25,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,330. None of the families and 1.4% of the population were living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.0% of those over 64.

