==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 167
|1930= 184
|1940= 195
|1950= 169
|1960= 165
|1970= 161
|1980= 197
|1990= 180
|2000= 183
|2010= 177
|2020= 190
|footnote=<ref name="gov">{{cite book |last1=Farber|first1=William O.|last2=Geary|first2=T. C.|last3=Carlson|first3=L. M.|year=1979|title=Government of South Dakota|publisher=Dakota Press |isbn=0-88249-030-3|lccn=78-31929 }}</ref><ref name="wwwcensusgov"/><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 177 people, 69 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|536.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 69 households, of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.1% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the town was 38.3 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.<ref name=AFage>{{cite American Factfinder|town|4642980|age}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[United States Census, 2000|2000 Census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 183 people, 71 households, and 57 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|557.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.<ref name=AFgeo>{{cite American Factfinder|2|46135|county|name=Yankton County}}</ref> The racial makeup of the town was 96.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.<ref name="census">{{Cite web |title=Census 2000 Profiles |url=http://censtats.census.gov/data/SD/1604642980.pdf |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120415004218/http://censtats.census.gov/data/SD/1604642980.pdf |archive-date=2012-04-15 |website=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>

There were 71 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.84.<ref name=census/>

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.7 males.<ref name="AFage"/>

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the town was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,405. About 7.5% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.<ref name="census"/>

