==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 207
|1910= 162
|1920= 127
|1930= 160
|1940= 125
|1950= 122
|1960= 121
|1970= 134
|1980= 134
|1990= 117
|2000= 107
|2010= 92
|2020= 94
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 92 people, 42 households, and 29 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|80.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the town was 48.3 years. 15.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 107 people, 47 households, and 33 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|92.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,253. There were 9.1% of families and 12.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and 20.8% of those over 64.

