==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 86
|1920= 102
|1930= 91
|1940= 117
|1950= 141
|1960= 147
|1970= 134
|1980= 139
|1990= 142
|2000= 149
|2010= 141
|2020= 130
|estyear=2022
|estimate=133
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 2, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 2, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 141 people, 58 households, and 40 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|108.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 58 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 40.8 years. 29.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 149 people, 52 households, and 37 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|113.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.03% of the population.

There were 52 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.54.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.6% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,813, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $29,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,950. There were 2.9% of families and 5.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

