==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 120
|1870= 127
|1880= 87
|1910= 292
|1920= 381
|1930= 405
|1940= 507
|1950= 544
|1960= 361
|1970= 288
|1980= 329
|1990= 233
|2000= 170
|2010= 158
|2020= 179
|estyear=2021
|estimate=182
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 158 people, 67 households, and 47 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|272.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 42 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 170 people, 76 households, and 48 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 296.2 inhabitants per square mile (115.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 93 housing units at an average density of 162.0 per square mile (63.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.59% from two or more races.

There were 76 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $24,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,490. About 10.2% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

