==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 22
| 1930 = 196
| 1940 = 238
| 1950 = 219
| 1960 = 237
| 1970 = 251
| 1980 = 276
| 1990 = 279
| 2000 = 338
| 2010 = 343
| 2020 = 338
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 343 people, 115 households, and 87 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1225.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|453.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 85.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 9.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.2% of the population.

There were 115 households, of which 45.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.3% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.44.

The median age in the city was 29.8 years. 35.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 338 people, 103 households, and 87 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,226.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|410.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 75.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 23.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 27.22% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 48.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.6% were non-families. 10.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.28 and the average family size was 3.57.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 38.5% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,528, and the median income for a family was $39,286. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,884. About 9.4% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

