==Demographics==

===2000 Census data===
{{US Census population
|1990= 1926
|2000= 1987
|2010= 2423
|2020= 996
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790-2000)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |access-date=2010-07-31
  }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,987 people, 717 households, and 504 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|67.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 798 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 38.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 20.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.41% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 29.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.57% of the population.

There were 717 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $46,827. Males had a median income of $27,270 versus $23,098 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,584.  About 13.0% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

