==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1196
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,264 people, 441 households, and 316 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|80.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 682 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 95.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 4.11% of the population.

===Age===
There were 441 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

===Income===
The median income for a household in the CDP was $20,682, and the median income for a family was $23,867. Males had a median income of $19,861 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,002. About 27.4% of families and 31.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.3% of those under age 18 and 38.0% of those age 65 or over.

{{multiple image
<!-- Layout parameters -->
 | align             = center
 | direction         = horizontal

<!--image 1-->
 | image1            = Taos Pueblo, NM.jpg
 | alt1              = Landscape of Taos Pueblo, Rio Pueblo de Taos, and the Sangre de Cristo Mountains
 | caption1          = Landscape of Taos Pueblo, Rio Pueblo de Taos, and the Sangre de Cristo Mountains
 | width1            = 235
<!--image 2-->
 | image2            = I Taos Pueblo, NM, USA (2).jpg
 | alt2              = Taos Pueblo Cemetery
 | caption2          = Taos Pueblo Cemetery
 | width2            = 264
}}

