==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 505
|2000= 730
|2010= 725
|2020= 682
|footnote=sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing (1790–2000)|publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 17, 2010}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010"/>
}}
Bluewater first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{cite web|title=1990 Census of Population and Housing Summary Social, Economic, and Housing Characteristics Arizona|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|year=1992|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph5/cph-5-4.pdf|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210506164823/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph5/cph-5-4.pdf|archive-date=May 6, 2021|url-status=dead}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 730 people, 337 households, and 221 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|355.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 537 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 81.1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 8.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races.  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.2% of the population.

There were 337 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,600, and the median income for a family was $31,339. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,525.  About 7.0% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

