==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 318
|1900= 477
|1910= 844
|1920= 905
|1930= 783
|1940= 697
|1950= 673
|1960= 628
|1970= 632
|1980= 719
|1990= 671
|2000= 688
|2010= 657
|2020= 602
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 657 people, 316 households, and 181 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|459.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 357 housing units at an average density of {{convert|249.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.8% of the population.

There were 316 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.7% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 45.8 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 688 people, 325 households, and 194 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|481.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.44% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.27% of the population.

There were 325 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $27,266. Males had a median income of $23,611 versus $19,609 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,677. About 11.9% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.9% of those under age 18 and 16.8% of those age 65 or over.

