==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 270
| 1940 = 295
| 1950 = 334
| 1960 = 343
| 1970 = 343
| 1980 = 328
| 1990 = 346
| 2000 = 288
| 2010 = 326
| 2020 = 281
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 326 people, 139 households, and 88 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|247.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 139 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 288 people, 123 households, and 83 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 212.7 people per square mile (82.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 133 housing units at an average density of 98.2 per square mile (38.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 0.35% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 123 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $31,786 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,770. About 2.8% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

