==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 141
|1980= 141
|1990= 133
|2000= 106
|2010= 117
|2020= 108
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archivedate=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 106 people, 48 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|202.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|105.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.51% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.77% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 4.72% from two or more races. 0.94% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 48 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,750, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $17,917 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $26,427. There were 16.7% of families and 20.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

