==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 177
|1920= 195
|1930= 163
|1940= 180
|1950= 179
|1960= 153
|1970= 137
|1980= 124
|1990= 86
|2000= 59
|2010= 70
|2020= 52
|estyear=2022
|estimate=52
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 29, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 29, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 70 people, 29 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|44.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 74.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 20.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.7% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 37.1% male and 62.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 59 people, 33 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|37.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of 25.5 per square mile (9.8/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 33 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.30.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 13.6% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 13.6% from 25 to 44, 35.6% from 45 to 64, and 32.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,875, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $52,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,507. There were 23.5% of families and 24.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and 15.0% of those over 64.

