==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 191 people, 97 households, and 57 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 19.1 people per square mile (7.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 295 housing units at an average density of 29.4/sq&nbsp;mi (11.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.14% of the population.

There were 97 households, out of which 15.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.44.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.1% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 44.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 130.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,292, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $57,292 versus $37,969 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,477. About 15.9% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

