==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 12
|2000= 92
|2010= 80
|2020= 79
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Lowell Point first appeared on the 1890 U.S. Census as the homestead of the Captain Franklin G. Lowell family, consisting of 12 residents, 10 Whites, 1 Native & 1 Creole (mixed Native & Russian).<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> It did not report again until 2000, when it first appeared as Lowell Point and made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 92 people, 39 households, and 20 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|7.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.39% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.09% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 4.35% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 2.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]]. 2.17% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 39 households, out of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were married couples living together, and 48.7% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 15.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 44.6% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 187.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 212.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $137,566. Males had a median income of $53,750 versus $54,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $45,790. There were 31.3% of families and 28.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

