==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 457
|1930= 499
|1940= 440
|1950= 88
|1960= 94
|1970= 157
|1980= 95
|1990= 70
|2000= 60
|2010= 52
|2020= 50
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{{coord|47|27|42|N|92|34|19|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 52 people, 24 households, and 13 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|40.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|21.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.8% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 40.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 60 people, 26 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|45.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.67% from two or more races. 55.9% were of [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 17.6% [[Germans|German]] and 11.8% [[Finns|Finnish]] ancestry.

There were 26 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,167, and the median income for a family was $19,583. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $40,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,023. There were 20.0% of families and 14.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

