==Demographics==
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 84.16%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 15.84%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 598 people, 143 households, and 128 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 52.4 people per square mile (20.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 177 housing units at an average density of 15.5/sq&nbsp;mi (6.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 0.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 98.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 143 households, out of which 49.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.8% were non-families. 9.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.18 and the average family size was 4.44.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.6% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 5.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $17,292, and the median income for a family was $16,563. Males had a median income of $35,536 versus $13,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,556. About 48.8% of families and 52.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 64.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

