==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 251
|1910= 243
|1920= 206
|1930= 271
|1940= 382
|1950= 480
|1960= 697
|1970= 1107
|1980= 1268
|1990= 1230
|2000= 1191
|2010= 1142
|2020= 1147
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,142 people, 526 households, and 315 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1098.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 584 housing units at an average density of {{convert|561.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 526 households, of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 44.2 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,191 people, 522 households, and 326 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,153.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 575 housing units at an average density of {{convert|557.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.76% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population (also including Paco).

There were 522 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,569, and the median income for a family was $54,000. Males had a median income of $37,125 versus $29,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,228.  About 0.6% of families and 1.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.8% of those under age 18 and 1.0% of those age 65 or over.

