==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 302
|1910= 371
|1920= 386
|1930= 335
|1940= 293
|1950= 409
|1960= 312
|1970= 335
|1980= 331
|1990= 267
|2000= 290
|2010= 279
|2020= 213
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 279 people, 106 households, and 75 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1213.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 106 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.2% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the town was 40.1 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 290 people, 105 households, and 82 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,155.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|442.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 105 households, out of which 43.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,660. About 13.7% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.7% of those 65 or over.

