==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 71
|1910= 173
|1930= 313
|1940= 476
|1950= 657
|1960= 1004
|1970= 1298
|1980= 1499
|1990= 1327
|2000= 1440
|2010= 1343
|2020= 1409
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Biltmore Forest racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3705880&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,315
| 93.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 6
| 0.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 15
| 1.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 35
| 2.48%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 38
| 2.7%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,409 people, 605 households, and 485 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,409 people, 588 households, and 456 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|494.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 653 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.14% of the population.

There were 588 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 16.5% from 25 to 44, 36.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $119,526, and the median income for a family was $152,654. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $85,044. About 0.4% of families and 0.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.  Biltmore Forest has the highest per capita income of any city or town with over 1,000 inhabitants in North Carolina.

