==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 72
|1940= 110
|1950= 93
|1960= 105
|1970= 109
|1980= 70
|1990= 70
|2000= 48
|2010= 29
|2020= 14
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 29 people, 16 households, and 7 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|483.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 16 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 56.3% were non-families. 56.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the village was 45.5 years. 10.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 41.2% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 69.0% male and 31.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 48 people, 22 households, and 8 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|790.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|411.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.08% from two or more races.

There were 22 households, out of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 59.1% were non-families. 54.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 182.4 males. For every 100 age 18 and over, there were 218.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,500, and the median income for a family was $28,333. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,423. There were no families and 15.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

