==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 36
|1940= 46
|1950= 102
|1960= 67
|1970= 79
|1980= 334
|1990= 487
|2000= 1000
|2010= 1021
|2020= 966
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Healy first appeared on the 1930 U.S. Census as the unincorporated community of "Healey Fork." In 1940, it appeared as Healy Fork. It was shortened to *Healy beginning in 1950. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

*Note there was also another locale named "Healey (Healy) Village" on the 1930 & 1940 U.S. Censuses (with a population of 16 and 77, respectively). It was stated that this place was located in the Fairbanks Recording District rather than Nenana (where then Healy Fork was located). It is unclear whether this was a geographic error on the census and both places were located at or around Healy Fork and merged in 1950, or if the former was a native village on or near present-day [[Healy Lake]] (within [[Southeast Fairbanks Census Area]]).

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 1,000 people, 436 households, and 245 families in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 604 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 90.20% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.30% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.30% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.90% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.80% from other races, and 3.80% from two or more races. 2.00%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 436 households 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were married couples living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.6% were non-families. 37.6% of households were one person and 0.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.12.

The age distribution was 27.4% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 2.2% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 132.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 142.8 males.

The median household income was $60,000 and the median family income was $77,806. Males had a median income of $65,729 versus $30,227 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $28,225. About 2.5% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

