==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 400 people, 141 households, and 104 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|3.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 141 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 31.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $56,750, and the median income for a family was $57,917. Males had a median income of $38,438 versus $19,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $40,680. About 11.4% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

