==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 479
|1860= 318
|1880= 299
|1890= 263
|1900= 264
|1910= 211
|1920= 193
|1930= 201
|1940= 185
|1950= 206
|1960= 180
|1970= 209
|1980= 252
|1990= 227
|2000= 213
|2010= 204
|2020= 219
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 204 people, 80 households, and 58 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|971.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 80 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.5% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 42 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 213 people, 77 households, and 60 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,027.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.41% of the population.

There were 77 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 33.8% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 113.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $37,250. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,762. About 6.3% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.4% of those 65 or over.

