==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 300
| 1950 = 425
| 1960 = 358
| 1970 = 323
| 1980 = 284
| 1990 = 187
| 2000 = 212
| 2010 = 236
| 2020 = 180
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 25, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Nespelem, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Nespelem%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 236 people, 75 households, and 53 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1242.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 10.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 80.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.8% of the population.

There were 75 households, of which 42.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 17.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.3% were non-families. 17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.15 and the average family size was 3.55.

The median age in the town was 30 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 15.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 212 people, 71 households, and 48 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,130.9 people per square mile (430.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 84 housing units at an average density of 448.1 per square mile (170.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 13.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 82.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.47% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.30% of the population.

There were 71 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 13.2% from 18 to 24, 17.5% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $43,250 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,836. About 15.9% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.8% of those 65 or over.

