==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 217
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 197 people, 78 households, and 51 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|192.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.9|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 22.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 29.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.29% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 16.8% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,156, and the median income for a family was $48,194. Males had a median income of $38,333 versus $27,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,321. About 30.9% of families and 44.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

