==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 317
|1900= 168
|1910= 242
|1920= 223
|1930= 220
|1940= 184
|1950= 189
|1960= 121
|1970= 427
|1980= 225
|1990= 228
|2000= 148
|2010= 467
|2020= 132
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 148 people, 59 households, and 47 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|711.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 70.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 27.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.68% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.70% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the township the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,799. There were 7.3% of families and 8.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

The township is currently governed by three council members led by a mayor.  The current mayor is Gene Pulley, a lifelong resident of Kittrell, elected in November 2023.

