==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 212
|1970= 250
|1980= 223
|1990= 256
|2000= 273
|2010= 294
|2020= 272
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 294 people, 114 households, and 84 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|525.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|210.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 114 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.3% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 49.6 years. 14.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 38.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 273 people, 104 households, and 76 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|488.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 104 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $59,750, and the median income for a family was $66,875. Males had a median income of $52,000 versus $31,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,382. None of the families and 1.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including none under eighteen and 4.2% of those over 64.

