==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 709
|1910= 546
|1920= 547
|1930= 463
|1940= 489
|1950= 506
|1960= 551
|1970= 520
|1980= 519
|1990= 692
|2000= 584
|2010= 656
|2020= 637
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 656 people, 249 households, and 159 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|524.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|220.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 249 households, of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 45.9 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 28.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 42.1% male and 57.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 584 people, 246 households, and 154 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|478.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,156, and the median income for a family was $43,594. Males had a median income of $31,538 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,356.  About 3.8% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.8% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

