==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 134
| 1890 = 412
| 1910 = 410
| 1920 = 456
| 1930 = 391
| 1940 = 463
| 1950 = 404
| 1960 = 551
| 1970 = 421
| 1980 = 544
| 1990 = 558
| 2000 = 538
| 2010 = 476
| 2020 = 503
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 476 people, 170 households, and 137 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|634.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 170 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.4% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80, and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 538 people, 182 households, and 147 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 801.6 people per square mile ({{#expr: ((1/2.59)*801.6) round 1 }}/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 200 housing units at an average density of 298.0 per square mile ({{#expr: ((1/2.59)*298.0) round 1 }}/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.67% of the population.

There were 182 households, out of which 45.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96, and the average family size was 3.35.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.6% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,500, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,673. About 11.3% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

