==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 654
|1910= 569
|1920= 712
|1930= 520
|1940= 669
|1950= 605
|1960= 492
|1970= 501
|1980= 517
|1990= 446
|2000= 458
|2010= 390
|2020= 361
|estyear=2021
|estimate=356
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 458 people, 169 households, and 123 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|166.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

There were 169 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 female, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $21,691, and the median income for a family was $26,786. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $17,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $10,866. About 15.5% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those ages 65 or over.

