==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 150
|1900= 183
|1910= 233
|1920= 259
|1930= 246
|1940= 228
|1950= 167
|1960= 181
|1970= 182
|1980= 228
|1990= 203
|2000= 221
|2010= 189
|2020= 181
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 189 people, 90 households, and 54 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|266.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the village was 48.8 years. 17.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 24.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 221 people, 92 households, and 58 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|312.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.90% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,500, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $24,792 versus $22,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,797. About 12.1% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 25.0% of those 65 or over.

