==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 247
|1940= 260
|1950= 207
|1960= 151
|1970= 154
|1980= 119
|1990= 81
|2000= 62
|2010= 54
|2020= 48
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 54 people, 30 households, and 14 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|225.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 30 households, of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.3% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.29.

The median age in the town was 55 years. 11.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.2% were from 25 to 44; 50.1% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 62 people, 35 households, and 14 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|261.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.61% from two or more races.

There were 35 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 60.0% were non-families. 57.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 1.6% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 138.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 138.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $10,000, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,762. There were no families and 30.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 54.5% of those over 64.

