==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 584
|1930= 1250
|1940= 323
|1950= 253
|1960= 201
|1970= 271
|1980= 278
|1990= 235
|2000= 224
|2010= 225
|2020= 168
|footnote=U.S. Census<ref>
{{Citation
|title=Census of Population and Housing
|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau
|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html}}
</ref>
}}
At the 2020 [[census]],<ref name="Census2020">[https://www.census.gov United States Census Bureau]</ref> the village had a population of 168 people, with 95 households and 94 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,576.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|788.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 76.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races.

There were 103 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.75.

Age distribution was 22.8% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.0 males.

The median household income was $14,722, and the median family income was $14,286. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $11,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,769. About 44.8% of families and 37.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 25.0% of those 65 or over.

