==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 399
|1920= 648
|1930= 653
|1940= 800
|1950= 684
|1960= 682
|1970= 675
|1980= 902
|1990= 705
|2000= 768
|2010= 774
|2020= 916
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-3153275">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Winnebago village, Nebraska |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3153275&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 19, 2022}}</ref> the population was 916. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,853.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|962.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 4.6% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 774 people, 200 households, and 151 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3870.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 227 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1135.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 4.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 90.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 200 households, of which 62.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 36.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 15.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.5% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.84 and the average family size was 4.51.

The median age in the village was 21.4 years. 43.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 17.8% were from 45 to 64; and 7.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 768 people, 211 households, and 166 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,704.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|820.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 5.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 91.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.73% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 50.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 38.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.9% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.58 and the average family size was 4.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 42.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 14.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $20,795, and the median income for a family was $21,818. Males had a median income of $18,958 versus $19,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $6,317. About 43.7% of families and 48.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 55.6% of those under age 18 and 33.3% of those age 65 or over.

