==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 401
| 1920 = 479
| 1930 = 659
| 1940 = 738
| 1950 = 963
| 1960 = 773
| 1970 = 723
| 1980 = 1046
| 1990 = 938
| 2000 = 991
| 2010 = 1545
| 2020 = 888
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 2003
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Calico Rock racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0510570&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 841
| 94.71%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 3
| 0.34%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.23%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 31
| 3.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 5
| 0.56%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 888 people, 510 households, and 373 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 991 people, 428 households, and 264 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|277.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 526 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.07% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.31% from two or more races.  2.22% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 428 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,200, and the median income for a family was $31,328. Males had a median income of $20,833 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,305.  About 20.2% of families and 26.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.9% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

