==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 177
|1890= 154
|1900= 348
|1930= 84
|1940= 55
|1950= 48
|1960= 36
|1980= 13
|1990= 7
|2000= 11
|2010= 12
|2020= 4
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Ugashik first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as the unincorporated Aleut village of "Oogashik."<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=ugashik&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref> Of 177 residents, 176 were Aleut and 1 was Creole (Mixed Russian and Native).<ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1880}}</ref> It returned in 1890 under the present spelling of Ugashik and also included 2 native settlements and Bering Sea Packing Company. Of 154 residents, 123 were Natives, 20 were White and 11 were Asian.<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> It returned again in 1900 with 348 residents, though the racial breakdown was not ascertained. This was its highest ever population and was the 20th largest community in Alaska. It did not report again until 1930. It continued to report in every successive census except 1970. It was designated an Alaskan Native Village Statistical Area (ANVSA) in 1980. In 2000, it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2008, there were 12 people, 7 households, and 2 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 18.18% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 79.8 from two or more races, Alaska Native being one of them.

There were 7 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.5% were married couples living together, and 71.4% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and one had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.57 and the average family size was 2.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 0% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 72.7% from 45 to 72, . The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,530. There were no families and 10.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

