==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 90
|1900= 169
|1910= 296
|1920= 308
|1930= 360
|1940= 436
|1950= 475
|1960= 452
|1970= 379
|1980= 335
|1990= 299
|2000= 289
|2010= 254
|2020= 246
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Vandemere racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3769720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 23, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 105
| 42.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 125
| 50.81%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.41%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 1.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 12
| 4.88%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 246 people, 102 households, and 70 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 289 people, 123 households, and 78 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|192.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 46.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 52.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $40,556. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,570. About 11.6% of families and 21.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 35.2% of those 65 or over.

