==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1355
|2010= 1375
|2020= 1665
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,355 people, 544 households, and 354 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|329.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 582 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.14% of the population.

There were 544 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,696, and the median income for a family was $44,688. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $24,044 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,419. About 15.5% of families and 19.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.9% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

