==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 329
|1930= 264
|1940= 293
|1950= 287
|1960= 321
|1970= 286
|1980= 277
|1990= 243
|2000= 162
|2010= 256
|2020= 217
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 256 people, 93 households, and 67 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|512.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 93 households, of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the town was 35.4 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 8.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 56.3% male and 43.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 162 people, 61 households, and 42 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|321.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.09% of the population.

There were 61 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $53,036. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $25,441. About 2.3% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

