==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 232
|1890= 132
|1900= 141
|1910= 125
|1920= 143
|1930= 99
|1940= 100
|1950= 100
|1960= 86
|1970= 86
|1980= 107
|1990= 93
|2000= 86
|2010= 99
|2020= 92
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 99 people, 41 households, and 28 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|761.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|361.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.0% from two or more races.

There were 41 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 44.8 years. 17.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 34 households, and 26 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|698.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|308.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.33% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.5% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 1.2% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 32.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $37,917 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,105. There were 14.8% of families and 23.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 77.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

