==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 120
|1920= 163
|1930= 161
|1940= 227
|1950= 122
|1960= 90
|1970= 150
|1980= 100
|1990= 146
|2000= 56
|2010= 63
|2020= 60
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 8, 2014}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 32 households, and 17 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|450.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|328.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.9% were non-families. 40.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the town was 48.5 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 47.5% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 56 people, 28 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|406.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|370.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 28 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 44.6% from 45 to 64, and 5.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

As of 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $30,178. There were 18.2% of families and 17.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

