==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 540
| 1930 = 387
| 1940 = 377
| 1950 = 284
| 1960 = 224
| 1970 = 218
| 1980 = 254
| 1990 = 228
| 2000 = 314
| 2010 = 270
| 2020 = 262
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 267
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 314 people, 119 households, and 89 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 288.7/km{{sup|2}} (742.3/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 124 housing units at an average density of 114.0/km{{sup|2}} (293.1/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 97.13% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.59% from two or more races.  0.96% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 119 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,750, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $21,339 versus $14,773 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,803.  About 12.0% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

