==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 357
| 1930 = 373
| 1940 = 501
| 1950 = 523
| 1960 = 350
| 1970 = 393
| 1980 = 444
| 1990 = 317
| 2000 = 359
| 2010 = 368
| 2020 = 293
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 282
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 368 people, 138 households, and 97 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|140.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 32.60% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 1.1% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 138 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,969, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $32,333 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,988. About 17.7% of families and 27.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.9% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

