==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census{{citation needed|date=May 2024}}
| 2000 = 113
| 2010 = 88
| 2020 = 92
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=http://factfinder.census.gov |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212221153/http://factfinder.census.gov/main.html |url-status=dead |archive-date=February 12, 2020 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=American FactFinder }}</ref> of 2000, there were 113 people, 49 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 8.8 people per square mile (3.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 65 housing units at an average density of 5.0/sq&nbsp;mi (1.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.65% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.19% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,500, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $42,500 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,580. There were 20.0% of families and 20.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

