==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 206
|1910= 600
|1920= 498
|1930= 469
|1940= 403
|1950= 438
|1960= 480
|1970= 469
|1980= 410
|1990= 362
|2000= 380
|2010= 335
|2020= 288
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 335 people, 129 households, and 93 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1970.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|905.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 129 households, of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the town was 39.1 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 380 people, 139 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,335.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|934.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $44,286. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,620. About 5.2% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.9% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

