==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=204
|2020=210
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Rackerby first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Rackerby had a population of 210. The population density was {{convert|71.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Rackerby was 176 (83.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.5%) [[African Americans|African American]], 4 (1.9%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (1.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2 (1.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 25 (11.9%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 22 persons (10.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Rackerby CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0659115 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 1, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 94 households, out of which 34 (36.2%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 35 (37.2%) were married-couple households, 8 (8.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 30 (31.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 21 (22.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 24 households (25.5%) were one person, and 14 (14.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.23.<ref name=DP1/> There were 65 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (69.1% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Rackerby CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0659115 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 44 people (21.0%) under the age of 18, 4 people (1.9%) aged 18 to 24, 41 people (19.5%) aged 25 to 44, 52 people (24.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 69 people (32.9%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 52.5{{nbsp}}years. There were 127 males and 83 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 94 (91.3%) were occupied. Of these, 64 (68.1%) were owner-occupied, and 30 (31.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

