==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 432 people, 152 households, and 120 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|1,514.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|574.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 53.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.93% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 36.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 72.22% of the population.

There were 152 households, out of which 42.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.4% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $18,929, and the median income for a family was $25,833. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,470.  About 23.4% of families and 31.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.3% of those under age 18 and 28.9% of those age 65 or over.{{Citation needed|date=April 2011}}
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Fort Garland CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Fort Garland CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|432
|2010|433
|2020|464
}}
{{clear|left}}

