==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 608
|1930= 545
|1940= 564
|1950= 940
|1960= 833
|1970= 881
|1980= 860
|1990= 757
|2000= 802
|2010= 759
|2020= 720
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
{{See also|List of Connecticut locations by per capita income}}
As of the 2010 census Bantam had a population of 759.  The racial composition of the population was 96.6% white, 1.2% black or African American, 0.3% from other races and 1.8% from two or more races.  3.3% of the population was Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref>2010 population by race and Hispanic or Latino by place chart for Connecticut from the US Census</ref>

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 802 people, 364 households, and 202 families residing in the borough.  The population density was {{convert|793.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 96.01% White, 0.37% African American, 0.50% Native American, 0.75% Asian, 0.87% from other races, and 1.50% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.00%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>

Of the 364 households, 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were married couples living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 40.1% of households were one person, and 25.0% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% 65 or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

The median household income was $32,167 and the median family income  was $50,938. Males had a median income of $42,000 versus $30,385 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $18,442.  About 3.1% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

Common ancestries reported were: Irish (21.1%), Italian (14.5%), German (14.0%), English (13.1%), French Canadian (10.1%), French (9.7%).

