==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 222
|1860= 1266
|1880= 807
|1890= 927
|1900= 988
|1910= 1116
|1920= 949
|1930= 1026
|1940= 1110
|1950= 1117
|1960= 1084
|1970= 1018
|1980= 1024
|1990= 918
|2000= 609
|2010= 674
|2020= 626
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html Decennial US Census]
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1730653 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 626 people, 298 households, and 219 families residing in the city. The population density was {{Convert|168.64|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 400 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|107.76|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.76% of the population.

There were 298 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.07% were married couples living together, 9.73% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.51% were non-families. 23.15% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.42% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.26.

The city's age distribution consisted of 16.5% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 16.6% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 33.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $55,625, and the median income for a family was $86,250. Males had a median income of $55,417 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $37,330. About 16.4% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

