==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 476
|1960= 595
|1970= 702
|1980= 821
|1990= 777
|2000= 769
|2010= 770
|2020= 756
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 769 people, 321 households, and 228 families residing in the township. The population density was {{convert|167.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 352 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the township was 93.89% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.78% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.34% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.86% from two or more races. 0.52% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 321 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,500, and the median income for a family was $37,115. Males had a median income of $29,205 versus $20,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the township was $17,036. About 15.0% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.5% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

