==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 75
|1940= 77
|1950= 183
|1960= 269
|1970= 223
|1980= 258
|1990= 210
|2000= 165
|2010= 226
|2020= 216
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 226 people, 95 households, and 67 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2511.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1155.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.5% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 45.1 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 165 people, 66 households, and 41 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,173.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|922.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 24.6% were of [[irish people|Irish]], 20.3% [[germans|German]], 9.4% [[italians|Italian]], 8.0% [[english people|English]] and 5.1% [[slovenes|Slovene]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 66 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $35,833 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,218. None of the families and 5.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.3% of those over 64.

