==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 484
|1900= 805
|1910= 736
|1920= 716
|1930= 576
|1940= 539
|1950= 456
|1960= 427
|1970= 319
|1980= 415
|1990= 338
|2000= 342
|2010= 343
|2020= 276
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 343 people, 144 households, and 100 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1143.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|536.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 144 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 37.4 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 342 people, 143 households, and 90 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,179.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|596.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 143 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $39,500. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,743. About 6.0% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

