==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 356
|1890= 449
|1900= 753
|1910= 660
|1920= 604
|1930= 634
|1940= 536
|1950= 534
|1960= 421
|1970= 373
|1980= 405
|1990= 316
|2000= 309
|2010= 277
|2020= 273
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 309 people, 120 households, and 90 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|538.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.97% from two or more races.

There were 120 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,469, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,230. About 26.1% of families and 29.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 24.4% of those 65 or over.

