==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 296
|1910= 385
|1920= 470
|1930= 489
|1940= 382
|1950= 327
|1960= 289
|1970= 266
|1980= 189
|1990= 136
|2000= 118
|2010= 93
|2020= 75
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 93 people, 45 households, and 31 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|344.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|307.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 45 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 31.1% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the village was 54.1 years. 17.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 43% were from 45 to 64; and 23.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 118 people, 57 households, and 34 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|440.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|339.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 35.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,863. There were 5.6% of families and 6.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

