==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1930= 215
|1940= 197
|1950= 263
|1960= 303
|1970= 323
|1980= 338
|1990= 316
|2000= 353
|2010= 420
|2020= 1032
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial Composition
|-
! Race ''<small>(NH = Non-Hispanic)</small>'' !! % 2020<ref>{{cite web |title=HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2020) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US3606959&d=DEC+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics |website=data.census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau}}</ref> !! % 2010<ref>{{cite web |title=HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2010) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US3606959&y=2010 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau}}</ref> !! % 2000<ref>{{cite book |title=New York: 2000 |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |pages=140-141 |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2002/dec/phc-1-34.pdf}}</ref> !! Pop. 2020 !! Pop. 2010 !! Pop. 2000
|-
| White Alone (NH) || 85.8% || 77.9%|| 87.3%|| 885|| 327|| 308
|-
| Black Alone (NH) || 1.4%|| 4.5%|| 1.7%|| 14|| 19|| 6
|-
| American Indian Alone (NH) || 0.2%|| 0%|| 0%|| 2|| 0|| 0
|-
| Asian Alone (NH) || 0.6%|| 1%|| 1.7%|| 6|| 4|| 6
|-
| Pacific Islander Alone (NH) || 0%|| 0%|| 0%|| 0|| 0|| 0
|-
| Other Race Alone (NH) || 0.3%|| 0%|| 0.6%|| 3|| 0|| 2
|-
| Multiracial (NH) || 4.7%|| 3.3%|| 0.8%|| 48|| 14|| 3
|-
| Hispanic (Any race) || 7.2%|| 13.3%|| 7.9%|| 74|| 56|| 28
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 Census]], the population has grown to 1,032 people. The most reported ancestries in the village were [[english people|English]] (5.7%), [[germans|German]] (5.4%), [[hungarians|Hungarian]] (3.6%), and [[irish people|Irish]] (2.4%).<ref>{{cite web |title=TOTAL POPULATION |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=-06:-1000E:-3000F:-4000G:-5000K:-7000E:-8000B&g=160XX00US3606959&d=DEC+Detailed+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics+File+A |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>

As of the 2010 census Bloomingburg had a population of 420. 77.9% of the population was non-Hispanic whites, 4.5% non-Hispanic African American, 0.5% Native American, 1.0% Asian, 5.7% reporting two or more races and 13.3% Hispanic or Latino.<ref>[https://www.census.gov 2010 census data for Bloomingburg]</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref>United States Census Bureau: [http://factfinder.census.gov/home/saff/main.html?_lang=en] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20090625230912/http://www.factfinder.census.gov/home/saff/main.html?_lang=en|date=2009-06-25}} American FactFinder. Retrieved 2008-01-31.</ref> of 2000, there were 353 people, 146 households, and 94 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,113.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|571.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 2.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.93% of the population.

There were 146 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,571, and the median income for a family was $41,111. Males had a median income of $35,938 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,441. About 17.0% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.7% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

