==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 132
|1920= 167
|1930= 133
|1940= 120
|1950= 128
|1960= 64
|1970= 69
|1980= 84
|1990= 57
|2000= 41
|2010= 42
|2020= 20
|estyear=2023
|estimate=20
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 15, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 15, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 42 people, 17 households, and 12 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|50.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 17 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 41 people, 18 households, and 10 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|49.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.44% of the population.

There were 18 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 4.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 141.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 172.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,637. There are 18.2% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 7.7% of the population, including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

