==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1910= 299
|1920= 266
|1930= 242
|1940= 215
|1950= 244
|1960= 244
|1970= 262
|1980= 260
|1990= 252
|2000= 296
|2010= 263
|2020= 244
|estyear=2022
|estimate=255
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 31, 2013 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}
Abercrombie is part of the [[Wahpeton, North Dakota|Wahpeton]], ND [[Minnesota|MN]] [[Wahpeton micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 263 people, 104 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|431.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 104 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 35.8 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 296 people, 118 households, and 73 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|482.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.69% from two or more races.

The top 6 ancestry groups in the city are [[Norway|Norwegian]] (54.4%), [[Germany|German]] (41.9%), [[Ireland|Irish]] (12.8%), [[Sweden|Swedish]] (12.2%), [[England|English]] (7.4%), [[Czech Republic|Czech]] (6.8%).

There were 118 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,167, and the median income for a family was $37,125. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $17,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,911. About 8.8% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

