==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 225
|1920= 272
|1930= 250
|1940= 363
|1950= 331
|1960= 388
|1970= 319
|1980= 344
|1990= 316
|2000= 276
|2010= 270
|2020= 279
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 270 people, 109 households, and 75 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|346.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.6% of the population.

There were 109 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.2% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 276 people, 113 households, and 72 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|342.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.39% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $38,542. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,134.  About 6.8% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.0% of those 65 or over.

