==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 346
|1920= 383
|1930= 285
|1940= 371
|1950= 402
|1960= 385
|1970= 468
|1980= 502
|1990= 471
|2000= 467
|2010= 458
|2020= 421
|estyear=2019
|estimate=520
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $55,481, and the median income for a family was $56,442 . Males had a median income of $30,476 versus $12,115 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,306. About 1.60% of families and 7.11% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 458 people, 159 households, and 129 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|732.52|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.35% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]], 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% Asian, 7.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.75% from two or more races.

There were 129 households, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5% had a male householder with no wife present. 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

