==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 214
|1910= 282
|1920= 309
|1930= 293
|1940= 315
|1950= 269
|1960= 261
|1970= 295
|1980= 294
|1990= 309
|2000= 307
|2010= 284
|2020= 296
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 284 people, 121 households, and 79 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1670.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|752.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 307 people, 119 households, and 89 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,753.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|714.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.

There were 119 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $37,292, and the median income for a family was $43,977. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,311. About 4.7% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.8% of those 65 or over.

