==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920=  37
|1930=  37
|1940=  58
|1950=  72
|1960= 160
|1970= 319
|1980= 433
|1990= 334
|2000= 423
|2010= 296
|2020= 331
| estimate=332
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br />1920–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popoce_04.htm Population Data for Ocean County Municipalities, 1850 - 2000], WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed December 30, 2012.</ref> 1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed September 17, 2013.</ref><br>1920–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA718 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 718. Accessed December 30, 2012.</ref> 1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><br>2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/> 2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402943380 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Mantoloking borough, Ocean County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212101319/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402943380 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 16, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_oce/mantoloking1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Mantoloking borough]{{Dead link|date=August 2018 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed August 16, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 296 people, 162 households, and 103 families in the borough. The population density was {{convert|767.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 535 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,387.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 94.93% (281) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 1.69% (5) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.34% (1) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.34% (1) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.36% (7) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.34% (1) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2.36% (7) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 162 households, 3.1% had children under the age of 18; 58.6% were married couples living together; 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present and 36.4% were non-families. Of all households, 35.2% were made up of individuals and 21.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.16.<ref name=Census2010/>

4.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 6.8% from 25 to 44, 39.2% from 45 to 64, and 47.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64.4 years. For every 100 females, the population had 83.9 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 85.6 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $151,667 (with a margin of error of +/− $66,768) and the median family income was $200,833 (+/− $146,466). Males had a median income of $98,333 (+/− $210,103) versus $42,917 (+/− $32,621) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $97,938 (+/− $40,847). About none of families and none of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402943380 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Mantoloking borough, Ocean County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212083021/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402943380 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 16, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 423 people, 207 households, and 140 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|958.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 522 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,183.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603443380.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Mantoloking borough, New Jersey]{{dead link|date=March 2018 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 16, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402943380 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Mantoloking borough, Ocean County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212102605/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402943380 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 16, 2012.</ref>

There were 207 households, out of which 11.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.45.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 10.2% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 10.6% from 25 to 44, 39.2% from 45 to 64, and 36.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $105,841, and the median income for a family was $125,000. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $64,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $114,017. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 2.2% of those over 64.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

