==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 646
|2020= 665
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Potter Valley first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Potter Valley had a population of 665. The population density was {{convert|165.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Potter Valley was 484 (72.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 12 (1.8%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 67 (10.1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 101 (15.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 146 persons (22.0%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Potter Valley CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0658506 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 255 households, out of which 71 (27.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 121 (47.5%) were married-couple households, 18 (7.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 61 (23.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 55 (21.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 77 households (30.2%) were one person, and 50 (19.6%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.61.<ref name=DP1/> There were 158 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (62.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Potter Valley CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0658506 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 176 people (26.5%) under the age of 18, 31 people (4.7%) aged 18 to 24, 165 people (24.8%) aged 25 to 44, 148 people (22.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 145 people (21.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 38.3{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 112.5 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 279 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 255 (91.4%) were occupied. Of these, 186 (72.9%) were owner-occupied, and 69 (27.1%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

