==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 971
|2000= 905
|2010= 960
|2020= 940
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Cooleemee racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3714460&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 687
| 73.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 84
| 8.94%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.21%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 86
| 9.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 80
| 8.51%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 940 people, 379 households, and 270 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 905 people, 400 households, and 254 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,166.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 456 housing units at an average density of {{convert|587.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.09% of the population.

There were 400 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,833, and the median income for a family was $37,875. Males had a median income of $26,705 versus $20,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,148. About 9.6% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

