==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 369
|1870= 486
|1880= 661
|1890= 733
|1900= 1382
|1910= 1841
|1920= 1704
|1930= 1914
|1940= 1959
|1950= 2096
|1960= 2068
|1970= 2023
|1980= 1941
|1990= 2105
|2000= 2070
|2010= 2143
|2020= 1934
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1925
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021" /> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Hertford racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3730900&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 23, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 956
| 49.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 790
| 40.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.21%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.1%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 91
| 4.71%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 91
| 4.71%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,934 people, 1,045 households, and 612 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 2,143 people, 875 households, 553 families, and 1,062 housing units residing in the town. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 48.1% African American, 46.5% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% Native American, 3.5% some other race, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanic Latino of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 875 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 32.8% of all households had individuals under 18 and 31% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.7% with an age of 19 or younger, 13.7% in their twenties, 14.8% from 30 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.0 males.

In 2008, the median income for a household in the town was $19,681, and the median income for a family was $24,524. Males had a median income of $24,803 versus $17,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,502. About 33.6% of families and 39.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 56.6% of those under age 18 and 21.0% of those age 65 or over.

