==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 467
|1920= 428
|1930= 484
|1940= 440
|1950= 506
|1960= 617
|1970= 686
|1980= 860
|1990= 899
|2000= 1061
|2010= 1057
|2020= 1262
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census]],<ref name ="censusgov2020">{{cite web|title=Zip Atlas website|url=https://zipatlas.com/us/mi/kent-city.htm|publisher=[[Zip Atlas]]|access-date=May 9, 2024}}</ref> the village had a population of 1,262 people. The racial makeup was 90.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 22.6% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,057 people, 373 households, and 268 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|800.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 407 housing units at an average density of {{convert|308.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.8% of the population.

There were 373 households, of which 43.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the village was 30.6 years. 30.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,061 people, 373 households, and 270 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|969.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 94.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.88% of the population.

There were 373 households, out of which 46.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 34.0% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,341, and the median income for a family was $42,375. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,084.  About 11.1% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

