==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 151
|1960= 181
|1970= 208
|1980= 226
|1990= 221
|2000= 229
|2010= 243
|2020= 279
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 243 people, 112 households, and 61 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|419.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 112 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 20.2% were from 45 to 64; and 28.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 229 people, 108 households, and 60 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|394.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|191.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 108 households, out of which 20.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 29.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,688, and the median income for a family was $36,607. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,440.  About 3.0% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 2.9% of those 65 or over.

