==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1930= 673
|1940= 582
|1950= 838
|1960= 1077
|1970= 1208
|1980= 1293
|1990= 1378
|2000= 1592
|2010= 1453
|2020= 1413
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,453 people, 556 households, and 409 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1579.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 626 housing units at an average density of {{convert|680.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 85.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 11.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 26.8% of the population.

There were 556 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.4% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 36.9 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,592 people, 574 households, and 441 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1690.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 645 housing units at an average density of {{convert|684.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 21.36% of the population.

There were 574 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.2% were married couples living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,161, and the median income for a family was $43,167. Males had a median income of $33,611 versus $22,708 for females. The per capita income for the city was $17,787. About 7.8% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

