==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 316
|1930= 345
|1940= 347
|1950= 366
|1960= 356
|1970= 312
|1980= 400
|1990= 371
|2000= 424
|2010= 427
|2020= 487
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 427 people, 188 households, and 115 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|131.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 188 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 40.6 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 424 people, 188 households, and 103 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|130.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 188 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.7% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.7% who were 65 or older. The median age was 40. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $48,333. Males had a median income of $31,731 versus $19,821 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $16,382. About 9.4% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under 18 and 20.9% of 65 or over.

