==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 363
|1870= 1645
|1880= 1801
|1890= 1748
|1900= 1403
|1910= 1606
|1920= 1411
|1930= 1715
|1940= 1749
|1950= 1653
|1960= 1493
|1970= 1370
|1980= 1272
|1990= 1074
|2000= 925
|2010= 858
|2020= 801
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 858 people, 379 households, and 223 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|715.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 491 housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 379 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 27.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 925 people, 426 households, and 242 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|776.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 536 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86% of the population.

There were 426 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.0% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,969, and the median income for a family was $34,107. Males had a median income of $27,639 versus $18,182 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,516. About 11.3% of families and 17.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 19.8% of those age 65 or over.

