==Demographics==

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 5683
| 2010 = 7385
| 2020 = 9526
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,683 people, 1,877 households, and 1,640 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 1,967.8 people per square mile (759.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,959 housing units at an average density of 678.3/sq&nbsp;mi (261.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.96% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.59% of the population. 21.4% were of German, 13.4% English, 10.3% Irish, 7.7% American and 5.2% Norwegian ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 1,877 households, out of which 46.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.3% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.6% were non-families. 9.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 31.3% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $78,934, and the median income for a family was $80,264. Males had a median income of $59,125 versus $35,943 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,294. About 2.9% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]], there were 9,526 people, and 3,802 households in the CDP.<ref name=":1">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census Bureau QuickFacts: Felida CDP, Washington |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/felidacdpwashington |access-date=2023-05-04 |website=www.census.gov |language=en}}</ref> The population density was 3,276.9 inhabitants per square mile, compared to 2,560.6 in 2010. The racial makeup was 88.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.6% [[African Americans|African American]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 4.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander]], and 6.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.9% of the population.<ref name=":1" />

16.9% of the population were 65 years or older, with 11.0% from 65 to 74, 5.2% from 75 to 84, and 0.7% older than 85.<ref name=":2">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile?g=160XX00US5323550 |access-date=2023-05-04 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> 26.1% were under 18, and 5.2% were under 5. The gender makeup was 48.6% female and 51.4% male.<ref name=":1" />

