==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 496 people, 249 households, and 140 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|11.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 786 housing units at an average density of {{convert|18.4|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.60% from [[Race (United States census)|other races]], and 1.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.61% of the population.

There were 249 households, out of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.4% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.45.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 11.5% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 42.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,596, and the median income for a family was $65,536. Males had a median income of $27,857 versus $35,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,333. None of the families and 10.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.7% of those over 64. -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Aetna Estates CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[2000 United States census]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Allenspark CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|496
|2010|528
|2020|568
}}
{{clear}}

