==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 125
|1980= 233
|1990= 255
|2000= 250
|2010= 270
|2020= 237
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 and 2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Ebro racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<br>
!Race
!Pop 2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Ebro town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Ebro+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Ebro town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Ebro+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|221
|200
|81.85%
|84.39%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|3
|5
|1.11%
|2.11%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|15
|9
|5.56%
|3.80%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0
|0.37%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Other races (U.S. Census)|Some other race]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races/Multiracial]] (NH)
|23
|15
|8.52%
|6.33%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|7
|8
|2.59%
|3.38%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''270'''
|'''237'''
|
|
|-
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 237 people, 103 households, and 65 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2020: Ebro town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Ebro+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2020.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 270 people, 109 households, and 86 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2010: Ebro town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Ebro+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2010.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 250 people, 102 households, and 63 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|79.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 15.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.40% of the population.

In 2000, there were 102 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.10.

In 2000, in the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $33,333 versus $25,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,504. About 20.6% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 25.0% of those 65 or over.

