==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 167
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 150 people, 34 households, and 29 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 16.6 people per square mile (6.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 4.7/sq&nbsp;mi (1.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 34 households, out of which 58.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.8% were non-families. 11.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.41 and the average family size was 4.73.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.3% under the age of 18, 13.3% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 14.7% from 45 to 64, and 4.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $18,194, and the median income for a family was $18,333. Males had a median income of $41,042 versus $7,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,888. There were 62.5% of families and 61.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 48.5% of those under 18 and 56.3% of those over 64.

