==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 419
|1890= 429
|1900= 296
|1910= 263
|1920= 283
|1930= 298
|1940= 629
|1950= 663
|1960= 761
|1970= 833
|1980= 619
|1990= 549
|2000= 632
|2010= 673
|2020= 669
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 632 people, 322 households, and 171 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,083.8 people per square mile (420.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 364 housing units at an average density of 624.2 per square mile (242.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 76.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.27% of the population.

There were 322 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a [[female]] householder with no husband present, and 46.6% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 71.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $60,313. Males had a median income of $41,875 versus $32,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $32,643. About 6.7% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

