==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1960= 107
|1970= 107
|1980= 100
|1990= 106
|2000= 144
|2010= 124
|2020= 131
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Acequia is part of the [[Burley, Idaho]] [[Burley micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].  

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 43 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|295.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 66.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 23.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 43.5% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.3% were non-families. 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the city was 36 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 144 people, 48 households, and 38 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|467.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 58.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 38.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 43.06% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.7% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,563, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,430. There were 17.1% of families and 23.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 40.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

