==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 720
|1890= 750
|1900= 665
|1910= 714
|1920= 493
|1930= 566
|1940= 508
|1950= 572
|1960= 942
|1970= 517
|1980= 479
|1990= 469
|2000= 523
|2010= 492
|2020= 583
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title = Census of Population and Housing|publisher = United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 583 people, 220 households, and 120 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|134.02|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title = U.S. Census website |url = https://www.census.gov |publisher = United States Census Bureau |access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 492 people, 240 households, and 128 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|113.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,002 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 73.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 18.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 240 households, of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.7% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 42.5 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 523 people, 252 households, and 143 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|119.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 565 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 75.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,964, and the median income for a family was $50,536. Males had a median income of $39,219 versus $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $27,965. About 1.4% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

