==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 723
|1920= 785
|1930= 899
|1940= 910
|1950= 835
|1960= 849
|1970= 880
|1980= 837
|1990= 853
|2000= 826
|2010= 818
|2020= 721
|estyear=2021
|estimate=723
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020—2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=August 1, 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 826 people, 319 households, and 231 families located in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|1,869.1|/sqmi}}. There were 340 housing units at an average density of {{convert|769.4|/sqmi}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial make-up]] of the borough was 98.79% White, 0.12% African American, 0.48% Asian and 0.61% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.61%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 319 households documented by the census, 30.4% had children who were under the age of eighteen living with them, 59.2% had married couples living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% had residents classified as non-families. Of all households, 23.2% were one-person households and 12.9% had one person living alone who was aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.09.

The age distribution of residents documented by the census was 24.7% who were under the age of eighteen, 6.4% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 25.7% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 22.5% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 20.7% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was thirty-nine years.

For every one hundred females, there were 89.4 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 92.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $36,563 and the median family income was $43,125. The median income for males was $32,685, as compared to $22,000 for females.

The per capita income was $20,345.

Approximately 2.6% of families and 4.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 11.2% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

