==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 358
|1910= 545
|1920= 624
|1930= 634
|1940= 714
|1950= 856
|1960= 816
|1970= 893
|1980= 1018
|1990= 1014
|2000= 1277
|2010= 1393
|2020= 1418
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,393 people, 585 households, and 339 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1031.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 605 housing units at an average density of {{convert|448.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 585 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.1% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 42.5 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 19.8% were from 45 to 64; and 27.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 41.3% male and 58.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,277 people, 512 households, and 321 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|945.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 522 housing units at an average density of {{convert|386.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.94% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.08% of the population.

There were 512 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 15.2% from 45 to 64, and 30.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,292, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $29,107 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,638.  About 6.0% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under age 18 and 20.8% of those age 65 or over.

