==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 150
|1890= 185
|1900= 219
|1910= 267
|1920= 304
|1930= 351
|1940= 339
|1950= 340
|1960= 325
|1970= 305
|1980= 283
|1990= 266
|2000= 263
|2010= 253
|2020= 232
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 253 people, 110 households, and 73 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|843.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 110 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.6% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 263 people, 112 households, and 73 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 872.4 people per square mile (338.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 120 housing units at an average density of 398.1 per square mile (154.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.14% from two or more races. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 112 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,857, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,384. About 2.6% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 2.7% of those 65 or over.

