==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 2000 = 489
| 2010 = 415
| 2020 = 447
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 489 people, 232 households, and 135 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 132.0 people per square mile (51.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 484 housing units at an average density of 130.7/sq&nbsp;mi (50.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 232 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,194, and the median income for a family was $33,807. Males had a median income of $45,694 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,437. About 17.3% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.9% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

