==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 159
| 1920 = 183
| 1930 = 121
| 1940 = 179
| 1950 = 136
| 1980 = 88
| 1990 = 151
| 2000 = 153
| 2010 = 163
| 2020 = 162
| estref = 
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 153 people, 48 households, and 39 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|282.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|96.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 48 households, out of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 3.19, and the average family size was 3.58.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 112.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,727. About 26.2% of families and 25.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under eighteen and 18.8% of those 65 or over.

