==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 98
|1910= 408
|1920= 249
|1930= 202
|1940= 138
|1950= 154
|1960= 140
|1970= 134
|1980= 117
|1990= 166
|2000= 141
|2010= 114
|2020= 128
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 114 people, 56 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|278.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.9% of the population.

There were 56 households, of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.4% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the town was 49 years. 15.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 41.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.0% male and 43.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 141 people, 60 households, and 39 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|338.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.84% from two or more races.

There were 60 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,750, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,358. There were 5.9% of families and 2.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

