==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1970 = 1763
| 1980 = 2634
| 1990 = 2160
| 2000 = 2130
| 2010 = 2020
| 2020 = 1975
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Jones Creek, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Jones%20Creek%20village,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 18, 2024}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,130 people, 772 households, and 606 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|812.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 835 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 8.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.17% of the population.

There were 772 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,378, and the median income for a family was $48,269. Males had a median income of $40,694 versus $21,875 for females. The per capita income for the village was $20,023. About 7.3% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.7% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

