==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 493
|1920= 651
|1930= 676
|1940= 687
|1950= 1073
|1960= 956
|1970= 950
|1980= 1049
|1990= 931
|2000= 812
|2010= 783
|2020= 694
|estyear=2022
|estimate=673
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 783 people, 321 households, and 199 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|725.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 372 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 321 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 812 people, 340 households and 214 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|747.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 397 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 340 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.88.

Age distribution was 20.9% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,139, and the median family income was $38,636. Males had a median income of $27,344 versus $16,776 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,341. About 8.8% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

