==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 211
|1980= 89
|1990= 71
|2000= 78
|2010= 91
|2020= 67
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 78 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 23.3 people per square mile (9.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 44 housing units at an average density of 13.1 per square mile (5.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 83.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 16.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 35 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 38.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,769. There were no families and 3.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.

