==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|645
|1910|660
|1920|708
|1930|627
|1940|631
|1950|638
|1960|615
|1970|548
|1980|593
|1990|574
|2000|607
|2010|545
|2020|555
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 555 people, 239 households, and 153 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 556.9 inhabitants per square mile (215.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 271 housing units at an average density of 271.9 per square mile (105.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 91.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.2% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.5% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.7% from other races and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 4.1% of the population.

Of the 239 households, 33.1% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% were cohabitating couples, 25.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 20.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 36.0% of all households were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 37.9 years. 29.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 and 44; 25.9% were from 45 and 64; and 16.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 545 people, 243 households, and 157 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|545.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 281 housing units at an average density of {{convert|281.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 243 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 607 people, 252 households, and 165 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|604.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.45% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.04.

25.9% were under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,417, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $33,056 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,729. None of the families and 1.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

