==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 240
|1890= 318
|1900= 222
|1910= 336
|1920= 363
|1930= 404
|1940= 449
|1950= 525
|1960= 416
|1970= 435
|1980= 889
|1990= 949
|2000= 1034
|2010= 936
|2020= 868
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Burnsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2809820&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-16|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|803
|92.51%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|4
|0.46%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|5
|0.58%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.12%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|35
|4.03%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|20
|2.3%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 868 people, 353 households, and 199 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,034 people, 412 households, and 285 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|217.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 465 housing units at an average density of {{convert|97.8|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.26% of the population.

There were 412 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,083, and the median income for a family was $27,679. Males had a median income of $28,523 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,359. About 23.5% of families and 27.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.8% of those under age 18 and 27.9% of those age 65 or over.

