==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 380
|1920= 497
|1930= 671
|1940= 742
|1950= 895
|1960= 1065
|1970= 1309
|1980= 1647
|1990= 1931
|2000= 2660
|2010= 2887
|2020= 3056
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,887 people, 1,091 households, and 826 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1480.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|591.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 1,091 households, of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.3% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 38.3 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,660 people, 980 households, and 761 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,416.2 people per square mile (546.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 996 housing units at an average density of 530.3 per square mile (204.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 980 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $47,469, and the median income for a family was $58,654. Males had a median income of $40,975 versus $25,478 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,958. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 1.7% of those over 64.

