==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1950 = 513
| 1960 = 265
| 1970 = 324
| 1980 = 312
| 1990 = 290
| 2000 = 267
| 2010 = 238
| 2020 = 239
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 25, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Elmer City, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Elmer%20City%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 238 people, 99 households and 64 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1133.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 47.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 28.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 18.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 99 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 47.8 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 267 people, 110 households and 70 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,291.7 per square mile (490.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 127 housing units at an average density of 614.4 per square mile (233.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 54.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 35.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.87% of the population.

There were 110 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.06.

25.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,500 and the median family income was $38,000. Males had a median income of $40,000 vand females $23,438. The [[per capita income]] was $16,366. About 11.4% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.6% of those 65 or over.

