==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 299 people, 108 households, and 81 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|164.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.69% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were married couples living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 28.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24.094, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $38,135 versus $23,977 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,371. About 18.2% of families and 27.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 41.7% of those 65 or over.

