==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 266
|1920= 306
|1930= 333
|1940= 275
|1950= 248
|1960= 190
|1970= 96
|1980= 112
|1990= 103
|2000= 49
|2010= 28
|2020= 32
|estyear=2021
|estimate=32
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 23, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 23, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 28 people, 17 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|73.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 10.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 17 households, of which 11.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 58.8% were non-families. 52.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 41.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.65 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the city was 60.5 years. 10.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 7.2% were from 25 to 44; 50% were from 45 to 64; and 32.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 49 people, 21 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|125.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 10.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 21 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,217. There were no families and 11.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

