==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 6091
|2000= 6395
|2010= 6067
|2020= 6506
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/bluebellcdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 6,395 people, 1,424 households, and 1,827 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,183.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,503 housing units at an average density of {{convert|463.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 1,434 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $106,617, and the median income for a family was $115,541. Males had a median income of $75,462 versus $50,481 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $43,813. About 1.8% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 1.5% of those age 65 or over.

For the population which consists of peoples 25 years and older; 95.6% of residents have a high school diploma or higher, 61.7% have their bachelor's degree or higher, and 23.5% have their graduate or professional degree.{{Citation needed|date=December 2009}}

