==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 787
| 1910 = 476
| 1920 = 906
| 1930 = 391
| 1940 = 427
| 1950 = 487
| 1960 = 482
| 1970 = 423
| 1980 = 368
| 1990 = 308
| 2000 = 336
| 2010 = 295
| 2020 = 297
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 4, 2013}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 14, 2016|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-19}}</ref> there were 295 people, 139 households, and 76 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|508.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 168 housing units at an average density of {{convert|289.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 139 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the town was 48.5 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 35.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The sexual makeup of the town was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 336 people, 151 households, and 83 families living in the town. The population density was 592.7 people per square mile (227.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 179 housing units at an average density of 315.8 per square mile (121.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.36% of the population.

There were 151 households, out of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47% were married couples living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 25% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 22% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 100 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,719, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $28,929 versus $16,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,679. About 15.9% of families and 27.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.5% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

