==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 183
|1920= 315
|1930= 364
|1940= 442
|1950= 328
|1960= 197
|1970= 146
|1980= 127
|1990= 109
|2000= 91
|2010= 71
|2020= 70
|estyear=2022
|estimate=68
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 16, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 71 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|263.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.45.

The median age in the city was 60.5 years. 16.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 40.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 91 people, 43 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|330.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 2.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 43 households, out of which 16.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 42.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $20,417 versus $10,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,048. There were 5.9% of families and 14.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of under eighteens and 7.7% of those over 64.

