==Demographics==
{{US Census population|align=left
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Klickitat, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Klickitat%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 13, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 417
| 2010 = 362
| 2020 = 320
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 417 people, 147 households, and 110 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 161.9 people per square mile (62.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 173 housing units at an average density of 67.2/sq&nbsp;mi (25.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.96% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.64% of the population.

There were 147 households, out of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $29,688. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,717. About 27.8% of families and 29.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.5% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2020, there were 320 people, 132 households, 160 housing units in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 275 Whites, 3 American Indians, 2 Asians, 9 Hispanic or Latino, 9 Some Other Race, and 32 of Two or More Races.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $60,893, and the median income for a family was $61,964. About 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.

