==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 382
|1910= 493
|1920= 522
|1930= 488
|1940= 477
|1950= 500
|1960= 591
|1970= 532
|1980= 633
|1990= 568
|2000= 591
|2010= 617
|2020= 890
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="2020 census">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1719915|title=2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171)|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=February 14, 2022|url-status=live|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220214162004/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1719915|archive-date=February 14, 2022 }}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1719915 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 890 people, 325 households, and 209 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|651.54|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|254.76|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.79% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.91% of the population.

There were 325 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.08% were married couples living together, 7.08% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.69% were non-families. 33.85% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 2.23.

The village's age distribution consisted of 22.6% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $61,417, and the median income for a family was $90,417. Males had a median income of $49,911 versus $35,682 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $33,319. About 1.9% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over.

