==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1110
|1900= 1366
|1910= 1111
|1920= 706
|1930= 801
|1940= 820
|1950= 773
|1960= 878
|1970= 699
|1980= 640
|1990= 502
|2000= 479
|2010= 500
|2020= 430
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 430 people living in an estimated 240 households in Tower.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2765272 |access-date=2022-10-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 500 people, 265 households, and 126 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|166.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.6% White, 2.4% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 265 households, of which 20.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.5% were [[Marriage|married]] couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.5% were non-families. 45.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 48.4 years. 18.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 24% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 479 people in the city, organized into 233 households and 137 families. The population density was {{convert|176.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.70% White, 1.46% Native American, 0% Asian, 0% African American, 0% Pacific Islander, 0.84% from other races, and 0.00% from two or more races. 1.88% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 31.4% were of [[Finns|Finnish]], 13.7% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 11.1% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 8.6% [[Germans|German]], 6.6% [[Slovenes|Slovene]] and 5.8% [[Italians|Italian]] ancestry.

There were 233 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were married couples living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,429, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,169. 10.7% of the population and 3.7% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 12.5% of those under the age of 18 and 10.9% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

