==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 478
|1900= 620
|1910= 484
|1920= 386
|1930= 501
|1940= 532
|1950= 416
|1960= 460
|1970= 485
|1980= 598
|1990= 541
|2000= 631
|2010= 778
|2020= 740
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Westmoreland is part of the [[Manhattan metropolitan area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 778 people, 301 households, and 192 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1496.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|648.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 301 households, of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 631 people, 262 households, and 171 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,200.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 293 housing units at an average density of {{convert|557.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.58% of the population.

There were 262 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 25.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,583, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $26,071 versus $19,844 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,290. About 5.2% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.4% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

