==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 279
|1890= 276
|1900= 864
|1910= 1121
|1920= 947
|1930= 1205
|1940= 1083
|1950= 1070
|1960= 967
|1970= 1031
|1980= 1192
|1990= 939
|2000= 1011
|2010= 994
|2020= 863
|estyear=2021
|estimate=859
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 994 people, 452 households, and 265 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1274.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 527 housing units at an average density of {{convert|675.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 452 households, of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the town was 45.1 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,011 people, 470 households, and 283 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,226.9 inhabitants per square mile (476.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 557 housing units at an average density of 675.9 per square mile (262.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 470 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population dispersal was 19.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males. The median income for a household in the town was $25,134, and the median income for a family was $37,679. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,397. About 19.7% of families and 25.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.8% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

