==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 422
|1920= 453
|1930= 488
|1940= 613
|1950= 1061
|1960= 819
|1970= 781
|1980= 1329
|1990= 976
|2000= 812
|2010= 778
|2020= 784
|estyear=2022
|estimate=780
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 778 people, 326 households, and 211 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|854.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 326 households, of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 18.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 812 people, 323 households, and 229 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|910.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 381 housing units at an average density of {{convert|427.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 323 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,250, and the median income for a family was $47,578. Males had a median income of $39,375 versus $18,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,916. About 7.1% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.8% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

