==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 754
|1890= 589
|1900= 451
|1910= 1168
|1920= 912
|1930= 720
|1940= 756
|1950= 782
|1960= 718
|1970= 602
|1980= 626
|1990= 577
|2000= 651
|2010= 441
|2020= 406
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Shubuta racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2867520&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 21, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/en.html|title=Census.gov &#124; U.S. Census Bureau Homepage|website=Census.gov|accessdate=October 7, 2025}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|62
|15.27%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|338
|83.25%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|2
|0.49%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|4
|0.99%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''406'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 406 people, 144 households, and 101 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 651 people, 244 households, and 165 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|271.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 270 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 25.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 73.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 244 households, out of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,438, and the median income for a family was $21,719. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,094. About 38.5% of families and 44.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 59.4% of those under age 18 and 35.9% of those age 65 or over.

