==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 162
|1930= 103
|1940= 130
|1950= 114
|1960= 104
|1970= 81
|1980= 108
|1990= 134
|2000= 87
|2010= 171
|2020= 136
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="GR2"/> there were 171 people, 50 households and 36 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1005.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|352.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the village was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 48.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present and 28.0% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.42 and the average family size was 4.00.

The median age was 25.8 years. 37.4% of residents were under the age of 18, 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 28.7% were from 25 to 44, 18.7% were from 45 to 64 and 4.1% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census<ref name="GR2" /> there were 87 people, 35 households and 19 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|535.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial make-up of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 35 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.3% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 42.9% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.15.

29.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64 and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $29,250 and the median family income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,500 and females $17,917. The [[per capita income]] was $13,140. There were 15.8% of families and 12.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

