==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 247
| 1920 = 285
| 1930 = 419
| 1940 = 344
| 1950 = 398
| 1960 = 379
| 1970 = 399
| 1980 = 378
| 1990 = 639
| 2000 = 769
| 2010 = 830
| 2020 = 525
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 516
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 769 people, 219 households, and 142 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was{{convert|258.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 361 housing units at an average density of {{convert|121.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 45.25% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 30.30% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 22.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.56% from two or more races. 27.57% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 261 households, out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.51.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.8% under the age of 18, 14.2% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 13.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,438, and the median income for a family was $24,792. Males had a median income of $21,136 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,571. About 34.8% of families and 39.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.0% of those under age 18 and 18.1% of those age 65 or over.

