==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 246
|1860= 302
|1870= 418
|1880= 415
|1890= 465
|1900= 438
|1910= 576
|1920= 535
|1930= 676
|1940= 733
|1950= 809
|1960= 975
|1970= 1168
|1980= 1910
|1990= 1884
|2000= 1815
|2010= 2007
|2020= 1954
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1949
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2023"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,815 people, 770 households, and 489 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,623.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 790 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,577.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.83% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 770 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $46,086. Males had a median income of $33,796 versus $22,826 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,108. About 4.3% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

