==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 259
|1910= 269
|1920= 274
|1930= 239
|1940= 253
|1950= 271
|1960= 310
|1970= 255
|1980= 273
|1990= 264
|2000= 243
|2010= 267
|2020= 243
|estyear=2022
|estimate=243
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 15, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 15, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 267 people, 112 households, and 63 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|234.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.7% of the population.

There were 112 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the city was 32.1 years. 31.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 243 people, 113 households, and 68 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|212.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 93.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.58% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $38,438 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,320.  About 5.1% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.3% of those 65 or over.

