==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 146
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 152 people, 59 households, 39 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,064.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|452.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.7% from other races.

There were 59 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $58,750, and the median income for a family was $72,500. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,232.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.gascognebois.com/en/wood-processing/|title=The stages of the wood processing|website=Gascogne Bois|language=en-GB|access-date=2016-06-22}}</ref> About 11.1% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the poverty line.

