==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 624
|1870= 580
|1880= 647
|1890= 646
|1900= 690
|1910= 762
|1920= 650
|1930= 1901
|1940= 1968
|1950= 2022
|1960= 2428
|1970= 2431
|1980= 2311
|1990= 3762
|2000= 4017
|2010= 6398
|2020= 7083
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,017 people, 1,773 households, and 1,086 families residing in the town. The population density was 1,275.5 people per square mile (492.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,877 housing units at an average density of 596.0 per square mile (230.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.42% of the population.

There were 1,773 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $32,724, and the median income for a family was $40,978. Males had a median income of $29,750 versus $21,755 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,697. About 5.3% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.

