==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 167
|1930= 159
|1940= 160
|1950= 148
|1960= 108
|1970= 113
|1980= 93
|1990= 125
|2000= 156
|2010= 139
|2020= 132
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 139 people, 50 households, and 39 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|137.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 50 households, of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 20.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.0% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 35.1 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 156 people, 57 households, and 40 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|152.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 57 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 5.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $29,063 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,353. About 8.3% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

