==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 578
|1900= 1512
|1910= 1087
|1920= 1120
|1930= 1139
|1940= 1218
|1950= 1033
|1960= 1067
|1970= 1049
|1980= 988
|1990= 819
|2000= 799
|2010= 723
|2020= 714
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 799 people, 367 households, and 229 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,335.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 425 housing units at an average density of {{convert|710.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. 2.75% of the population is [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 367 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,406, and the median income for a family was $25,500. Males had a median income of $24,028 versus $16,618 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,976. About 19.7% of families and 24.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.7% of those under age 18 and 16.6% of those age 65 or over.

