==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 670
|1920= 1020
|1930= 1258
|1940= 1818
|1950= 2209
|1960= 2572
|1970= 2609
|1980= 2260
|1990= 1758
|2000= 1551
|2010= 1735
|2020= 1444
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Marks racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2845240&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|381
|26.39%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,031
|71.4%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|4
|0.28%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|23
|1.59%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|5
|0.35%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,444 people, 699 households, and 425 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,551 people, 579 households, and 387 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,509.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 643 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 34.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 64.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 579 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,521, and the median income for a family was $27,153. Males had a median income of $25,100 versus $16,985 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,104. About 26.1% of families and 30.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.9% of those under age 18 and 27.7% of those age 65 or over.

