==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 127
|2010= 120
|2020= 126
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 120 people, 50 households, and 32 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|307.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 127 people, 47 households, and 32 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|329.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|163.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,141. There were 10.0% of families and 21.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

