==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 273
|1920= 276
|1930= 304
|1940= 287
|1950= 293
|1960= 260
|1970= 301
|1980= 299
|1990= 220
|2000= 287
|2010= 246
|2020= 267
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[Census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Yale_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1987285 |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> the total population was 267 people. The population density was 381 people per square mile, spread over 0.7 miles. Of those 267 people, the median age was 37.5 years, with 39.9% of the town's population under the age of 18, 50.6% between the ages of 18 and 64, and 9.5% of the population over the age of 65. There were a total of 137 households, with an average of 2 people per household.

53% of the town's population was male, with 47% of the population female. The racial makeup of the town was 95.13% White, less than 1% African American, 4.11% mixed race, and 3.37% Hispanic.

The average income per capita of Yale was $29,327 which is lower than the state average, and the median household income was $57,292, 10% lower than the rest of the state. Only 1.9% of the town's population lives under the poverty line, which is far lower than the rest of the state.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Yale, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987285-yale-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

41.6% of the population of the town is identified as currently married.

95.1% of the Yale population has received a high school degree, which is 2.6 percentage points higher than the rest of the state. Although Yale has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, with only 7.3% of the town's population have received college degrees compared to the state average of 30.5%.

12.5% of the town's population were veterans.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 246 people, 113 households, and 68 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|901.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|472.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races.

There were 113 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.8% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 45 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 287 people, 125 households, and 75 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|969.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.35% from two or more races.

There were 125 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,875, and the median income for a family was $36,806. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,789. About 9.1% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.3% of those 65 or over.

