==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 248
|1910= 282
|1920= 290
|1960= 363
|1970= 412
|1980= 553
|1990= 634
|2000= 684
|2010= 841
|2020= 803
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Simsboro racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2270630&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 445
| 55.42%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 269
| 33.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.62%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 30
| 3.74%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 54
| 6.72%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 803 people, 352 households, and 264 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 684 people, 273 households, and 193 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|197.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 338 housing units at an average density of {{convert|97.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 77.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 273 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 13.6% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,324, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $31,111 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,465. About 14.4% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

