==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 139
|1940= 180
|1950= 208
|1960= 160
|1970= 138
|1980= 136
|1990= 98
|2000= 88
|2010= 69
|2020= 70
|estyear=2022
|estimate=69
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 1, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 1, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 69 people, 32 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|265.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 45.2 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 37.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.5% male and 43.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 88 people, 39 households, and 23 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|335.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.27% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,688, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,962. There were 8.7% of families and 10.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

