==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 365
|1930= 249
|1940= 397
|1950= 330
|1960= 313
|1970= 196
|1980= 158
|1990= 137
|2000= 122
|2010= 124
|2020= 125
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 49 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|652.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 41.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 49.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the town was 35.5 years. 32.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 15.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 122 people, 49 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|648.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|350.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 50.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 45.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.82% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.46% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 40.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,464, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $33,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,187. There were 23.7% of families and 28.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 44.7% of under eighteens and 11.1% of those over 64.

