==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 31
|1890= 117
|1900= 159
|1930= 45
|1940= 62
|1950= 62
|1960= 89
|1970= 71
|1980= 201
|1990= 383
|2000= 471
|2010= 549
|2020= 525
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Kasilof first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village named "Kassilof."<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=kasilof&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref> It appeared again in 1890, and in 1900 its name was shortened to the current spelling, Kasilof. It did not appear again on the census until 1930. In 1980, it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 471 people, 180 households, and 124 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|45.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.36% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.18% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.64% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.40% from two or more races.  0.21% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 180 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,929, and the median income for a family was $58,036. Males had a median income of $45,469 versus $12,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,211.  About 21.4% of families and 26.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.8% of those under age 18 and 39.1% of those age 65 or over.

