==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 68
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 68 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|118.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.94% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 17.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.39.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.2% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 16.2% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 32.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,314. There were 12.5% of families and 24.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

