==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 144
|1910= 338
|1920= 413
|1930= 344
|1940= 400
|1950= 380
|1960= 327
|1970= 264
|1980= 279
|1990= 211
|2000= 174
|2010= 162
|2020= 116
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 162 people, 82 households, and 46 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|426.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 82 households, of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.9% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 14.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 36.4% were from 45 to 64; and 24.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 174 people, 86 households, and 47 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|445.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 86 households, out of which 19.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.3% were non-families. 44.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.83.
  
In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 29.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,923, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,688. About 14.6% of families and 21.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.4% of those 65 or over.

