==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 89
| 1970 = 71
| 1980 = 69
| 1990 = 75
| 2000 = 154
| 2010 = 162
| 2020 = 154
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 162 people, 74 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|385.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 74 households, of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19, and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 48.8 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 37% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 154 people, 64 households, and 38 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|366.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|197.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.95% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41, and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,343. About 18.4% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

