==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 128
|1890= 135
|1900= 186
|1910= 169
|1920= 204
|1930= 164
|1940= 176
|1950= 168
|1960= 168
|1970= 188
|1980= 195
|1990= 152
|2000= 172
|2010= 173
|2020= 168
|estyear=2022
|estimate=165
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 5, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 5, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 173 people, 66 households, and 49 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|467.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 66 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.8% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 34.7% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.9% male and 45.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 172 people, 72 households, and 42 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|473.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|234.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.58% from two or more races.

There were 72 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,438, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,841. About 2.1% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

