==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 590
|1960= 343
|1970= 692
|1980= 746
|1990= 626
|2000= 723
|2010= 758
|2020= 659
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="auto">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Addison first appeared as an incorporated town on the 1950 U.S. Census.<ref>[http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/23761117v1ch04.pdf Alabama] Census.gov</ref> It was also the same name as its precinct/census division, which preceded it in reporting on the census since 1910 (See Addison Precinct below).

As of the 2010 Census Addison had a population of 757.  The population was 99.1% white, 0.1% black or African American, 0.1% Asian, 0.7% from two or more races and 0.4% Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref>2010 US Census report of race and Hispanic or Latino by place]</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 723 people, 315 households, and 219 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|205.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 339 housing units at an average density of {{convert|96.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.45% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.14% from two or more races. 0.14% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 315 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,235, and the median income for a family was $31,146. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,973. About 16.3% of families and 19.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.1% of those under age 18 and 19.5% of those age 65 or over.

Addison's major industry has been the mobile home industry since the 1960s. It is the home of Cavalier Homes and Southern Energy. More people work in Addison than live in the community.

===Addison Precinct/Division (1910-)===
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 1739
| 1920 = 1528
| 1930 = 1622
| 1940 = 1965

| 1950 = 1730
| 1960 = 3854
| 1970 = 4585
| 1980 = 5744
| 1990 = 6337
| 2000 = 7510
| 2010 = 7884
|2020= 659
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="auto"/>
}}
Addison Census Division, the former 7th precinct of Winston County, first appeared on the 1910 U.S. Census.<ref>[http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41033935v1-8ch1.pdf Alabama] Census.gov</ref> The prior precinct/beat name from 1870 to 1900 (none reported in 1880) was Looney's Tavern.<ref>[http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1870a-05.pdf Alabama] Census.gov</ref> In 1960, Addison precinct was changed to census division as part of a general reorganization of counties.<ref>[https://web.archive.org/web/20150912175612/http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/37721510v1p2ch2.pdf 1960 AL Census]</ref>{{clear left}}

