==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 430
|1910= 666
|1920= 828
|1930= 804
|1940= 933
|1950= 991
|1960= 856
|1970= 808
|1980= 787
|1990= 800
|2000= 707
|2010= 777
|2020= 712
|estyear=2022
|estimate=707
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 11, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 11, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 21, 2013|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 777 people, 343 households, and 202 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1273.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|645.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 343 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.1% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 45.3 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 707 people, 289 households, and 186 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,184.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|554.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.11% of the population.

There were 289 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,031, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $29,554 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,131. About 12.2% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.

