==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 91
|1900= 284
|1910= 387
|1920= 706
|1930= 611
|1940= 705
|1950= 660
|1960= 503
|1970= 412
|1980= 480
|1990= 427
|2000= 406
|2010= 367
|2020= 343
|estyear=2022
|estimate=337
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 367 people, 153 households, and 98 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1146.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|609.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 153 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 37.9 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 406 people, 174 households, and 104 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,234.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|614.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.46% of the population.

There were 174 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,143, and the median income for a family was $42,813. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $25,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,492. About 10.9% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

