==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 191
|1910= 245
|1920= 245
|1930= 202
|1940= 232
|1950= 155
|1960= 155
|1970= 142
|1980= 154
|1990= 141
|2000= 112
|2010= 99
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 99 people, 45 households, and 30 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|366.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 45 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 59.6% male and 40.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 112&nbsp;people, 49&nbsp;households, and 31&nbsp;families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|419.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 64&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.89% from two or more races.

There were 49 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 42&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 124.0&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 123.7&nbsp;males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $20,972 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,384. There were 11.1% of families and 26.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 78.9% of under eighteens and 15.0% of those over 64.

