==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 479
|1880= 682
|1890= 617
|1900= 648
|1910= 760
|1920= 744
|1930= 804
|1940= 810
|1950= 878
|1960= 1037
|1970= 1061
|1980= 962
|1990= 903
|2000= 1082
|2010= 1173
|2020= 1105
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
According to the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,173 people, 462 households, and 306 families residing in Grass Lake. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1247.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 513 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

Out of the 462 households located in Grass Lake, 36.4% contained children under the age of 18, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 people and the average family size was 3.13 people.

The median age in the village was 36.9 years old. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
According to the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,082 people and 421 households residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,124.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 436 housing units at an average density of {{convert|453.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 421 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household was $45,078, and the median income for a family was $52,143. About 2.2% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.5% of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over.

