==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,030 people, 776 households, and 607 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|155.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 821 housing units at an average density of 62.7/sq mi (24.2/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 776 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $57,477, and the median income for a family was $59,200.  The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,810. About 2.9% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and none age 65 or over.

