==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 221
|1890= 381
|1900= 384
|1910= 426
|1920= 433
|1930= 351
|1940= 343
|1950= 267
|1960= 233
|1970= 256
|1980= 270
|1990= 213
|2000= 206
|2010= 187
|2020= 191
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Whiting is part of the [[Topeka, Kansas]], [[Topeka metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 187 people, 84 households, and 51 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|187.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|95.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 7.0% from two or more races.

There were 84 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.3% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 41.3 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 206 people, 91 households, and 55 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|204.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.97% from two or more races.

There were 91 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,792, and the median income for a family was $39,167. Males had a median income of $30,694 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,353. About 9.6% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.0% of those 65 or over.

