==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 888
|1880= 918
|1890= 966
|1900= 930
|1910= 1157
|1920= 1349
|1930= 1181
|1940= 1126
|1950= 1217
|1960= 1301
|1970= 1293
|1980= 1064
|1990= 982
|2000= 929
|2010= 863
|2020= 818
|estyear=2021
|estimate=809
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010,<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4283496|title=American FactFinder - Results|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=factfinder.census.gov|language=en|access-date=2017-01-29|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213102933/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4283496|archive-date=2020-02-13|url-status=dead}}</ref> there were 863 people, 368 households, and 244 families residing in the borough. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 391 housing units and 368 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were married couples living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 people, and the average family size was 2.88 people.

The age distribution was 20.2% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.3 years old.

According to the 2015 American Community Survey,<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US4283496|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213112059/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US4283496|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-13|title=American FactFinder - Results|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=factfinder.census.gov|language=en|access-date=2017-01-29}}</ref> the median income for a household in the borough was $46,103, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Among full-time, year-round workers, males had a median income of $45,526 versus $33,675 for females. About 13.6% of families and 16.6% of the population had annual incomes below the poverty line.

===Political affiliation===
West Middlesex has supported [[Republican Party (United States)|Republican]] politicians by comfortable margins in recent years. The town is presently represented by Republican [[Mike Kelly (Pennsylvania politician)|Mike Kelly]] in the [[United States House of Representatives|House of Representatives]], and voted for GOP incumbent [[Donald Trump]] in the [[2020 United States presidential election|2020 presidential election]] by a 30 percentage point margin as opposed to [[Democratic Party (United States)|Democratic]] challenger [[Joe Biden]].<ref>{{Cite news |last=Park |first=Alice |last2=Smart |first2=Charlie |last3=Taylor |first3=Rumsey |last4=Watkins |first4=Miles |date=2021-02-02 |title=An Extremely Detailed Map of the 2020 Election |language=en-US |work=The New York Times |url=https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2021/upshot/2020-election-map.html |access-date=2023-06-28 |issn=0362-4331}}</ref>

