==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 192
|1890= 235
|1900= 289
|1910= 328
|1920= 306
|1930= 309
|1940= 449
|1950= 429
|1960= 443
|1970= 388
|1980= 300
|1990= 260
|2000= 297
|2010= 291
|2020= 374
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 297 people, 134 households, and 79 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|386.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.82% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.0% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,250, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,753. About 18.9% of families and 27.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 2.9% of those 65 or over.

