==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 370
|1920= 835
|1930= 954
|1940= 930
|1950= 923
|1960= 837
|1970= 784
|1980= 727
|1990= 638
|2000= 366
|2010= 1070
|2020= 997
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Rhodhiss racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3756240&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-21|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 824
| 82.65%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 23
| 2.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 29
| 2.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 58
| 5.82%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 59
| 5.92%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 997 people, 366 households, and 218 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 366 people, 170 households, and 112 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|374.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.

There were 170 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,875, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $27,614 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,165. About 5.6% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 28.4% of those age 65 or over.

