==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1076
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{{See also|List of Massachusetts locations by per capita income}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 901 people, 352 households and 260 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 276.1/km{{sup|2}} (715.4/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 518 housing units at an average density of 158.7/km{{sup|2}} (411.3/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.89% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 352 households, of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.01.

Age distribution was 27.5% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $50,726, and the median family income was $53,750. Males had a median income of $47,169 versus $35,568 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,329. About 2.1% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.

