==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 145
|1910= 137
|1920= 139
|1930= 169
|1940= 240
|1950= 252
|1960= 289
|1970= 245
|1980= 497
|1990= 821
|2000= 1015
|2010= 1041
|2020= 1135
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,041 people living in the town. 92.7% were [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from some other race and 1.6% [[Multiracial American|of two or more races]]. 2.4% were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,015 people,  365 households, and 287 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|360.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 395 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 3.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population. In 2012, there were 1,030 people. In 2014, there were 1,041 people.

There were 365 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,071, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $32,159 versus $22,051 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,798. About 3.3% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 23.8% of those age 65 or over.

