==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 38
| 1940 = 146
| 1950 = 91
| 1960 = 195
| 1970 = 160
| 1980 = 191
| 1990 = 207
| 2000 = 165
| 2010 = 169
| 2020 = 128
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 132
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2016, there were 171 people, 64 households, and 49 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 410.4 people per square mile(159.3/km{{sup|2}}) in 2010. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.76% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.61% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 3.64% from two or more races.

There were 64 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,000, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $16,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,636. About 32.0% of families and 31.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.7% of those under the age of 18 and 41.4% of those 65 or over.

