==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1910= 317
|1920= 385
|1930= 445
|1940= 516
|1950= 656
|1960= 617
|1970= 616
|1980= 504
|1990= 588
|2000= 556
|2010= 487
|2020= 432
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}
Red Level first appeared on the 1910 U.S. Census, having incorporated as a town in 1901. In 1960, it was erroneously reported as having 327 residents.<ref>{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alabama |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/37721510v1p2ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1960}}</ref> This was due to an error which placed almost half of the residents outside the town limits, it was afterwards adjusted to 617 residents.<ref>{{cite web |title=List of Corrections |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1960/population-volume-1/vol-01-02-b.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1960}}</ref>  Red Level derives its name from a store that once existed in the area named Read’s Level and predates the town by a few years. James Read, the owner of the store, always pronounced his name with a silent “a,” which prompted a misspelling of the name.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Red Level |url=https://encyclopediaofalabama.org/article/red-level/ |access-date=December 2, 2023 |website=Encyclopedia of Alabama |language=en-US}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 556 people, 213 households, and 151 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|296.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.67% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 10.07% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races.

There were 213 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,956, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,491. About 11.0% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.3% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Red Level racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0163768&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|382
|88.43%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|27
|6.25%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.23%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.23%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|19
|4.4%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|2
|0.46%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 432 people, 159 households, and 107 families residing in the town.

