==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 120
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020, there were 120 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 1,318.68 people per square mile (508.21/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 67 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 3.3% from two or more races. 0.8% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Plainville CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Plainville_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3963072 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=25 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 68 households, out of which 0.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 0.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 100.0% had a female householder with no spouse present. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.24.<ref name="2020 census"/>

100.0% of the CDP's population were age 18 to 64. 55.3% were age 30 to 34 and 44.7% were 60 to 64.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], about 0.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]]. About 55.3% of the population were employed, and 0.0% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

