==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 151
|1970= 123
|1980= 142
|1990= 123
|2000= 101
|2010= 138
|2020= 111
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>{{cbignore}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> there were 138 people, 49 households, and 31 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|575.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|237.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.55.

The median age in the town was 33.5 years. 29.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> of 2000, there were 101 people, 43&nbsp;households, and 31&nbsp;families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 476.7&nbsp;people per square mile (185.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 51&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 43 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 94.2&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 81.0&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $40,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,828. There were no families and 3.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.

