==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 665
|1890= 659
|1900= 1273
|1910= 1212
|1920= 1418
|1930= 1499
|1940= 1830
|1950= 1949
|1960= 2084
|1970= 2159
|1980= 2109
|1990= 2166
|2000= 2402
|2010= 2925
|2020= 3737
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="2020-census-5502500" />
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5502500">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Arcadia city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5502500&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=5 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 3,737. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,142.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,342 housing units at an average density of {{convert|410.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 40.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 44.0% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 8.7% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 63.6% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

According  to the [[American Community Survey]] estimates for 2016–2020, the median income for a household in the city was $55,089, and the median income for a family was $63,636. Male full-time workers had a median income of $47,589 versus $36,994 for female workers. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,796. About 5.5% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="2020-EconChar-5502500">{{cite web|title=Selected Economic Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Arcadia city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5502500&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP03 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=12 October 2022}}</ref> Of the population age 25 and over, 83.1% were high school graduates or higher and 18.3% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020-SocChar-5502500">{{cite web|title=Selected Social Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Arcadia city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5502500&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP02 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=12 October 2022}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,925 people, 1,114 households, and 649 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1019.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,207 housing units at an average density of {{convert|420.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 73.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 22.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 31.2% of the population.

There were 1,114 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the city was 32.9 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 20.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,400 people, 1,038 households, and 594 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 905.2 people per square mile (350.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 1,112 housing units at an average density of 419.1 per square mile (162.0/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.62% from two or more races. 3.08% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,038 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.7% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

