==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 134
|1890= 98
|1900= 134
|1910= 121
|1920= 142
|1930= 155
|1940= 190
|1950= 176
|1960= 146
|1970= 114
|1980= 119
|1990= 94
|2000= 64
|2010= 63
|2020= 67
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 32 households, and 14 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|153.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 56.3% were non-families. 53.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 46.3 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.0% male and 46.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 64 people, 34 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|225.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.9% were non-families. 47.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $16,875 versus $22,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,680. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

