==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 397
| 1930 = 305
| 1940 = 225
| 1950 = 296
| 1960 = 282
| 1970 = 286
| 1980 = 334
| 1990 = 264
| 2000 = 214
| 2010 = 180
| 2020 = 131
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 127
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 214 people, 89 households, and 59 families residing in the city.  The [[population density]] was 162.0/km{{sup|2}} (418.8/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 106 housing units at an average density of 80.2/km{{sup|2}} (207.4/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the city was 76.64% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 18.69% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 3.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races.  6.07% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 89 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,118.  About 6.0% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.7% of those 65 or over.

