==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 195
|1920= 289
|1930= 308
|1940= 344
|1950= 329
|1960= 310
|1970= 260
|1980= 276
|1990= 225
|2000= 266
|2010= 191
|2020= 179
|estyear=2021
|estimate=182
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 12, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020,<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2759566|access-date=February 23, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 179 people and 56 households in the city. The [[population density]] was 852.4 inhabitants per square mile. There were a total of 105 housing units at an average density of 500.0 per square mile. The racial makeup of the city was majority white, with six residents reporting being [[Hispanic and Latino (ethnic categories)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (demonym)|Latino]] of any race, or 3.3% of the total population.

The city boast an employment rate of 61.9% with the median household income being $54,375.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 191 people, 90 households, and 46 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|909.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|557.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.9% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.9% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 45.9 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 266 people, 111 households, and 66 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,271.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|583.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 86.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.16% of the population.

There were 111 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $34,063. Males had a median income of $29,432 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,338.  About 10.8% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.4% of those 65 or over.

