==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 412
|1890= 373
|1900= 386
|1910= 360
|1920= 354
|1930= 381
|1940= 315
|1950= 237
|1960= 274
|1970= 338
|1980= 381
|1990= 400
|2000= 455
|2010= 423
|2020= 374
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 423 people, 192 households, and 114 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|742.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|366.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 192 households, of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 44.4 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]], there were 455 people, 183 households, and 129 families living in the city.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200210232809/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US2955352 2000 census] Retrieved August 4, 2013</ref> The population density was {{convert|794.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.44% of the population.

There were 183 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.03.

The age distribution was 28.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,344, and the median income for a family was $44,205. Males had a median income of $29,792 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,230. About 4.0% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 25.8% of those age 65 or over.

