==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 120
|1920= 192
|1930= 396
|1940= 463
|1950= 707
|1960= 1033
|1970= 1199
|1980= 1253
|1990= 1465
|2000= 1672
|2010= 1716
|2020= 1326
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Duson racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2222255&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 28, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 743
| 56.03%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 354
| 26.7%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 6
| 0.45%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 77
| 5.81%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 142
| 10.71%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,326 people, 586 households, and 415 families residing in the town. At the 2019 [[American Community Survey]], the racial and ethnic makeup of the town was 56.7% [[Non-Hispanic whites|non-Hispanic white]], 38.0% [[African Americans|Black and African American]], 0.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian or Alaska Native]], 1.0% [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]], and 3.9% [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic and Latin American]] of any race.<ref>{{Cite web|title=2019 Demographic and Housing Estimates|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2222255&tid=ACSDP5Y2019.DP05&hidePreview=true|url-status=live|access-date=July 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210731155115/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2222255&tid=ACSDP5Y2019.DP05&hidePreview=true |archive-date=July 31, 2021 }}</ref> Of the population,<ref>{{Cite web|title=Geography Profile: Duson, Louisiana|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2222255|url-status=live|access-date=July 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210731155116/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2222255 |archive-date=July 31, 2021 }}</ref> 13.7% spoke a language other than [[English language|English]] at home, and the median age was 31.2. In 2019, the township had a median household income of $27,604 and males had a median income of $38,403 versus $26,029 for females.

At the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,672 people, 644 households, and 452 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|651.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 724 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.98% White, 25.24% African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.06% from other races, and 0.66% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latin Americans of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 644 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,071, and the median income for a family was $24,886. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $15,476 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,520. About 27.5% of families and 31.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.7% of those under age 18 and 29.5% of those age 65 or over.

