==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 137
|1910= 133
|1920= 133
|1930= 132
|1940= 146
|1950= 149
|1960= 166
|1970= 188
|1980= 176
|1990= 147
|2000= 131
|2010= 152
|2020= 134
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 152 people, 66 households, and 43 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1520.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|730.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 66 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the town was 45.5 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 131 people, 56 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,276.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|604.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 56 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,224. There were 7.5% of families and 9.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of under eighteens and 23.8% of those over 64.

