==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 450
|1890= 476
|1900= 420
|1910= 525
|1920= 571
|1930= 612
|1940= 718
|1950= 761
|1960= 840
|1970= 1020
|1980= 1169
|1990= 1262
|2000= 1934
|2010= 2827
|2020= 3179
|estyear=2024
|estimate=3303
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,827 people, 1,027 households, and 776 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|691.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,087 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.4% of the population.

There were 1,027 households, of which 43.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.4% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the village was 33 years. 31.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.5% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 8.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,934 people, 701 households, and 525 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 782.3 people per square mile (302.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 729 housing units at an average density of 294.9 per square mile (114.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. 1.76% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 701 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 36.1% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $52,885, and the median income for a family was $57,788. Males had a median income of $39,632 versus $26,705 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,767. About 3.5% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

