==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 157
| 1980 = 254
| 1990 = 216
| 2000 = 193
| 2010 = 278
| 2020 = 249
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Coffee City, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Coffee%20City%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 23, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 193 people. With active annexations, 84 households, and 58 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|105.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 56.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,792, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $26,607 versus $30,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,789. About 26.6% of families and 22.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.0% of those 65 or over.

The community is a known for being a [[speed trap]].<ref name="USAToday-20231226">{{cite web |title=It's a trap! Small towns across US use traffic tickets to collect big money from drivers. |url=https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2023/12/26/police-speeding-traffic-tickets-revenue-civil-rights/71970613007/ |publisher=[[USA Today]] |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20231227055730/https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2023/12/26/police-speeding-traffic-tickets-revenue-civil-rights/71970613007/ |archive-date=December 27, 2023 |date=December 26, 2023 |url-status=live}}</ref>

