==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 286
|1910= 300
|1920= 278
|1930= 284
|1940= 378
|1950= 343
|1960= 330
|1970= 315
|1980= 300
|1990= 284
|2000= 252
|2010= 196
|2020= 199
|estyear=2022
|estimate=199
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 196 people, 107 households, and 59 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|632.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|403.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 16.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 43.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.47.

The median age in the city was 55.7 years. 12.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.6% were from 45 to 64; and 33.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 252 people, 118 households, and 73 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|831.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $27,159 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,430. About 6.0% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.2% of those 65 or over.

