==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 1913
|1890= 3031
|1900= 3487
|1910= 4684
|1920= 4950
|1930= 4943
|1940= 4771
|1950= 4040
|1960= 3562
|1970= 3543
|1980= 3536
|1990= 2897
|2000= 2851
|2010= 2661
|2020= 2507
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2506
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status = dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,851 people, 1,177 households, and 787 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,186.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,267 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,415.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.11% of the population.

There were 1,177 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families.

30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $34,973, and the median income for a family was $44,185. Males had a median income of $33,835 versus $27,448 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,896. About 5.1% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

The borough's population peaked in 1920 (with 4,950 residents). The population of Avoca has been in constant decline since the 1930s. The population had fallen to 2,630 by 2017.

