==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1970= 555
|1980= 516
|1990= 477
|2000= 474
|2010= 439
|2020= 430
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 430 people, 220 households, and 113 families in Arden.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name="Census2020_DP1" /> The population density was 1,726.9 per square mile (666.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 239 housing units at an average density of 959.8 per square mile (370.6/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name="Census2020_DP1">{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20dp1 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetteer-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023|website=Census.gov |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The racial makeup was 88.14% (379) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American|European American]] (87.67% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 2.56% (11) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native|Alaska Native]], 0.7% (3) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian|Native Hawaiian]], 1.63% (7) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.98% (30) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 4.42% (19) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 220 households, 23.2% had children under the age of 18; 35.0% were married couples living together; 36.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 36.8% of households consisted of individuals and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020_DP1" /> The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 2.8.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 38.8% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

9.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 14.9% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 36.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.6 males.<ref name="Census2020_DP1" /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 123.6 males.<ref name="Census2020_DP1" />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey|American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $78,125 (with a margin of error of +/- $50,729). The median family income was $137,292 (+/- $125,369).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $32,305 (+/- $20,785). The median income for those above 16 years old was $28,125 (+/- $6,079).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS)|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 3.9% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Arden%20village,%20Delaware%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=January 5, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 474 people, 229 households, and 122 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,780.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 243 housing units at an average density of {{convert|912.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 95.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.32% of the population.

There were 229 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.3% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.1% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 35.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $56,731, and the median income for a family was $70,893. Males had a median income of $48,125 versus $38,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $30,422.  None of the families and 2.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 2.0% of those over 64.

