==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 323
|1920= 279
|1930= 257
|1940= 228
|1950= 120
|1960= 79
|1970= 77
|1980= 60
|1990= 55
|2000= 44
|2010= 43
|2020= 37
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 43 people, 17 households, and 11 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|110.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 17 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 13.9% were from 45 to 64; and 34.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 44 people, 18 households and 12 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|110.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.17.

27.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household was $26,667, and the median family income was $29,375. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $11,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,978. There were 13.3% of families and 19.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

