==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2010= 8375
|2020= 8341
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br>
2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Floris was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusVA/>

{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Floris CDP, Virginia – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Floris CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5128528&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Floris CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5128528&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|4,667
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3,874
|55.73%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |46.45%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|291
|style='background: #ffffe6; |355
|3.47%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.26%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|17
|style='background: #ffffe6; |8
|0.20%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.10%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|2,782
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3,283
|33.22%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |39.36%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3
|0.06%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.04%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|17
|style='background: #ffffe6; |49
|0.20%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.59%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|285
|style='background: #ffffe6; |371
|3.40%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.45%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|311
|style='background: #ffffe6; |398
|3.71%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.77%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''8,375'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''8,341 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

At the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]] (some information from the [[American Community Survey|2022 American Community Survey]]) there were 8,341 people, 2,667 housing units and 2,434 households residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 3,022.1 inhabitants per square mile (1,164.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The average housing unit density was 966.3 per square mile (372.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 47.24% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|White]], 4.30% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|African American]], 0.12% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Native American]], 39.47% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Asian]], 0.06% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Pacific Islander]], 1.82% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|other races]], and 6.99% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|Latino]] of any race was 4.77% of the population.<ref name=":0" />

Of the households, 75.4% were married couple families, 8.2% were a male family householder with no spouse, and 14.5% were a female family householder with no spouse. The average family household had 3.34 people.<ref name=":0" />

The median age was 43.6, 24.9% of people were under the age of 18, and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The largest ancestry is the 11.8% who had [[Irish Americans|Irish ancestry]], 33.9% spoke a language other than [[English language|English]] at home, and 30.9% were born outside the United States, 76.8% of whom were [[Naturalized citizen of the United States|naturalized citizens]].<ref name=":0" />

The median income for a household in the CDP was $231,161, and the median income for a family was $231,161. 6.2% of the population were [[Veteran#United States|military veterans]], and 76.2% had a [[bachelor's degree]] or [[Higher degree|higher]]. In the CDP 2.2% of the population was below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under the age of 18 and 0.9% of those aged 65 or over, with 2.7% of the population without [[Health insurance in the United States|health insurance]].<ref name=":0" />

===2010 census===
The population at the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] was 8,375.<ref name="Census 2010" />

