==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 76
|1890= 418
|1900= 434
|1910= 489
|1920= 479
|1930= 344
|1940= 341
|1950= 239
|1960= 176
|1970= 140
|1980= 176
|1990= 126
|2000= 153
|2010= 146
|2020= 131
|estyear=2024
|estimate=134
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 31, 2025|date=May 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 146 people, 54 households, and 41 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|429.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|191.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.1% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the town was 42.3 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 153 people, 56 households, and 38 families living in the town. The population density was 445.3 people per square mile (173.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 64 housing units at an average density of 186.3 per square mile (72.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.88% of the population.

There were 56 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.47.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 36.6% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,250, and the median income for a family was $39,063. Males had a median income of $41,875 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,099. About 8.0% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 5.9% of those 65 or over.

