==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 89
| 1980 = 113
| 1990 = 86
| 2000 = 73
| 2010 = 78
| 2020 = 87
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 82
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 73 people, 33 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 47.0/km{{sup|2}} (121.5/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 41 housing units at an average density of 26.4/km{{sup|2}} (68.2/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.26% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.37% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]] and 1.37% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 33 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 30.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $45,250. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,687. There were 11.1% of families and 26.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 32.0% of under eighteens and 53.3% of those over 64.

