==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 553
|1900= 1235
|1910= 1224
|1920= 1089
|1930= 979
|1940= 1222
|1950= 1374
|1960= 1714
|1970= 1469
|1980= 1524
|1990= 1464
|2000= 1433
|2010= 1346
|2020= 1260
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1223
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 11, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 11, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,346 people, 552 households, and 358 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2281.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 623 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1055.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 552 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.1% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,433 people, 576 households, and 377 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,368.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 620 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,024.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 576 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,292, and the median income for a family was $40,542. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,271. About 6.1% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

