==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1830= 158
|1870= 319
|1880= 356
|1890= 516
|1900= 482
|1910= 410
|1920= 363
|1930= 408
|1940= 472
|1950= 405
|1960= 311
|1970= 307
|1980= 339
|1990= 315
|2000= 295
|2010= 323
|2020= 365
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 295 people, 149 households, and 77 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,559.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|814.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 76.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.3% were non-families. 46.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,000, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,452. About 26.7% of families and 32.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 35.1% of those 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

