==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 368
| 1920 = 450
| 1930 = 339
| 1940 = 466
| 1950 = 395
| 1960 = 414
| 1970 = 376
| 1980 = 330
| 1990 = 310
| 2000 = 302
| 2010 = 284
| 2020 = 318
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Almira, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Almira%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 14, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 284 people, 119 households, and 84 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|546.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 119 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 48.7 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 302 people, 121 households, and 79 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|580.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 121 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,208, and the median income for a family was $34,107. Males had a median income of $26,429 versus $36,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,769. About 16.5% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.8% of those sixty five or over.

