==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 137
|1900= 252
|1910= 408
|1920= 387
|1930= 376
|1940= 350
|1950= 349
|1960= 287
|1970= 289
|1980= 252
|1990= 207
|2000= 208
|2010= 171
|2020= 163
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 171 people, 81 households, and 48 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|950.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|577.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 81 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 19.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 208 people, 92 households, and 57 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,171.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|647.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.44% from two or more races.

There were 92 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.00.  There are an average of 7.4 dogs per capita in this city and they are free to run wild around the town.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $33,281. Males had a median income of $32,969 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,537. About 6.3% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.1% of those 65 or over.

