==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 319
|1920= 374
|1930= 302
|1940= 308
|1950= 295
|1960= 241
|1970= 215
|1980= 242
|1990= 250
|2000= 257
|2010= 265
|2020= 234
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 265 people, 97 households, and 73 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|89.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 97 households, of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.7% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 37.3 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 257 people, 98 households, and 69 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 86.4 people per square mile (33.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 107 housing units at an average density of 36.0 per square mile (13.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.17% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,375, and the median income for a family was $40,375. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,927. About 8.0% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.3% of those 65 or over.

