==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 541
|2020= 551
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Fulton had a population of 551. The population density was {{convert|282.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Fulton was 297 (53.9%) [[White Americans|White]], 4 (0.7%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (0.9%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 7 (1.3%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 139 (25.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 99 (18.0%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 241 persons (43.7%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Fulton CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0628014 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The census reported that 99.6% of the population lived in households, 0.4% lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 200 households, out of which 50 (25.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 90 (45.0%) were married-couple households, 13 (6.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 46 (23.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 51 (25.5%) had a male householder with no partner present. 67 households (33.5%) were one person, and 35 (17.5%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.75.<ref name=DP1/> There were 119 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (59.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Fulton CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0628014 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 102 people (18.5%) under the age of 18, 51 people (9.3%) aged 18 to 24, 122 people (22.1%) aged 25 to 44, 176 people (31.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 100 people (18.1%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 45.1{{nbsp}}years.    For every 100 females, there were 112.7 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 200 (95.7%) were occupied. Of these, 146 (73.0%) were owner-occupied, and 54 (27.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

