==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 228
| 1980 = 353
| 1990 = 634
| 2000 = 694
| 2010 = 727
| 2020 = 775
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Bailey's Prairie, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Bailey%27s%20Prairie%20village,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 18, 2024}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 694 people, 237 households, and 201 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|92.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|32.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 80.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.43% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.09% of the population.

There were 237 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.8% were non-families. 13.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 33.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $73,125, and the median income for a family was $90,648. Males had a median income of $47,083 versus $29,609 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $32,267. About 1.9% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

