==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 488
|1890= 513
|1900= 540
|1910= 615
|1920= 595
|1930= 537
|1940= 564
|1950= 622
|1960= 708
|1970= 789
|1980= 874
|1990= 979
|2000= 1135
|2010= 1123
|2020= 1101
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1085
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 1, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 25, 2023}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

Beginning in the middle of the 1800s Hustisford had a German immigrant community. At one time it had two German-speaking churches, with one, Bethany Lutheran Church, continuing to have German worship in the 1970s. In addition, two of three schools in the period used German as a language of instruction.<ref>{{cite web|author=Ludden, Jennifer|url=https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=102523977|title=In Rural Wisconsin, German Reigned For Decades|publisher=[[National Public Radio]]|date=April 1, 2009|access-date=January 6, 2019}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,123 people, 477 households, and 309 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1261.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 532 housing units at an average density of {{convert|597.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 477 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 39.4 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,135 people, 472 households, and 296 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,402.6 people per square mile (541.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 498 housing units at an average density of 615.4 per square mile (237.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 1.23% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 472 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,929, and the median income for a family was $52,262. Males had a median income of $31,951 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,599. About 1.7% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.0% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

