==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 418
|1900= 962
|1910= 1318
|1920= 1511
|1930= 1386
|1940= 1646
|1950= 1834
|1960= 1766
|1970= 1699
|1980= 1901
|1990= 1626
|2000= 1539
|2010= 1540
|2020= 1466
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,540 people, 682 households, and 412 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1040.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 768 housing units at an average density of {{convert|518.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 682 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.6% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 25.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,539 people, 677 households, and 398 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,043.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 756 housing units at an average density of {{convert|512.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 677 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 29.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,442, and the median income for a family was $46,484. Males had a median income of $30,493 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,084.  About 3.3% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

