==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2000= 997
|2010= 
|2020= 2946
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Dahlgren was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2000 U.S. census]].<ref name=2000CensusVA/>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 997 people, 456 households, and 260 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 885.2 people per square mile (340.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 510 housing units at an average density of 452.8/sq&nbsp;mi (174.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 70.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.71% of the population.  As of the 2010 census<ref name="GR2" /> the population had more than doubled, although the makeup was largely the same, with whites edging down as a percentage from 70.31% to 61.4%, blacks up from 25.28% to 30.5%, Hispanics up from 1.71% to 4.1%, and those reporting mixed race up from 1.91% to 3.8%.

There were 456 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $49,545, and the median income for a family was $53,500. Males had a median income of $45,714 versus $21,029 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,928. About 7.6% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

