==Demographics==

===2020 Census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]] there were 129 people, 58 housing units and 80 households residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 377.2 inhabitants per square mile (144.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The average housing unit density was 169.6 per square mile (65.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.00% of the population.<ref name="census" />

Of the family households, 40.0% were married couples, 22.5% were a male householder with no spouse, and 32.5% were a female householder with no spouse. The average family household had 2.36 people.<ref name="census" />

The median age was 39.5, 14.5% of people were under the age of 18, and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. Of the residents, 48.0% had [[German Americans|German ancestry]], none spoke a language other than [[English language|English]] at home, and none were born outside the United States.<ref name="census" />

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,667, and the median income for a family was $51,578. 6.1% of the population were [[Veteran#United States|military veterans]], and 6.6% had a [[Bachelor's degree|batchelors degree]] or [[Higher degree|higher]]. In the CDP 18.5% of the population was below the [[poverty line]], including 48.0% of those under age 18 and 56.5% of those age 65 or over, with 16.2% of the population without [[Health insurance in the United States|health insurance]].<ref name="census" />

===2010 Census===
At the [[United States Census, 2010|2010 census]], Edmund's population was 173.<ref name="census" />

