==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 264
|1920= 247
|1930= 240
|1940= 272
|1950= 218
|1960= 208
|1970= 128
|1980= 98
|1990= 73
|2000= 63
|2010= 80
|2020= 100
|estyear=2022
|estimate=93
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 100 people and 23 households in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 80 people, 26 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|53.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|24.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 26 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.1% were non-families. Of all households 23.1% were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.70.

The median age in the city was 31.7 years. 40% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 3.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.5% male and 42.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 63 people, 24 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|42.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of 18.0 per square mile (6.9/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 93.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 6.35% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, out of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. Of all households 29.2% were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,671. There were 10.0% of families and 22.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 60.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

