==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 335
|1970= 318
|1980= 291
|1990= 429
|2000= 408
|2010= 383
|2020= 309
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|estyear= 2024
|estimate= 341
|estref= <ref>{{cite web |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=2025-09-16}}</ref> {{increase}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 383 people, 164 households, and 102 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|440.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 207 housing units at an average density of {{convert|237.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 164 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the town was 39.8 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 407 people, 173 households, and 106 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 468.5 people per square mile (181.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 211 housing units at an average density of 242.3 per square mile (93.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $27,875 versus $15,455 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,582. About 11.9% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.9% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

