==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 3593
|1900= 1109
|1910= 864
|1990= 1061
|2000= 992
|2010= 903
|2020= 916
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 992 people, 460 households, and 260 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,135.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 599 housing units at an average density of {{convert|685.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.71% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.71% of the population.

There were 460 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the CDP, 22.4% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.8% was from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% was 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $42,250. Males had a median income of $24,667 versus $22,772 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,191. About 4.4% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
{{clear}}

