==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 358
|1930= 487
|1940= 425
|1950= 525
|1960= 448
|1970= 401
|1980= 362
|1990= 261
|2000= 202
|2010= 244
|2020= 221
|estyear=2022
|estimate=209
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 12, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 12, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=May 25, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 244 people, 98 households, and 65 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|400.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 98 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 202 people, 98 households, and 58 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|342.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.99% from two or more races.

There were 98 households, out of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 29.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $31,750 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,960. None of the families and 4.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.6% of those over 64.

