==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2010
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,661 people in 658 households residing in Grand Ronde<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php|title=2010 Census Interactive Population Search}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 271 people, 113 households, and 61 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|413.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.8|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 67.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.11% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.0% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,929, and the median income for a family was $20,139. Males had a median income of $19,722 versus $21,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,538. None of the families and 19.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

