==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 301
|1930= 509
|1940= 484
|1950= 539
|1960= 642
|1970= 656
|1980= 885
|1990= 746
|2000= 808
|2010= 625
|2020= 595
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>{{cbignore}}
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Garland racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3725460&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 225
| 37.82%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 162
| 27.23%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 1.01%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.34%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 20
| 3.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 180
| 30.25%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 595 people, 290 households, and 185 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 808 people, 276 households, and 203 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|751.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 313 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 48.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 15.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.56% of the population.

There were 276 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,000, and the median income for a family was $29,145. Males had a median income of $20,288 versus $17,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,533. About 24.4% of families and 25.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.6% of those under age 18 and 24.4% of those age 65 or over.

