==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 522
|1890= 404
|1900= 444
|1910= 485
|1920= 305
|1930= 368
|1940= 421
|1950= 447
|1960= 602
|1970= 813
|1980= 948
|1990= 1040
|2000= 1214
|2010= 1232
|2020= 1378
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,232 people, 645 households, and 279 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|704.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,075 housing units at an average density of {{convert|614.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 645 households, of which 15.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 56.7% were non-families. 46.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the city was 54.3 years. 14% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.9% were from 25 to 44; 41.6% were from 45 to 64; and 26% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,214 people, 587 households and 284 families residing in the city of Douglas.  The population density was {{convert|691.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 853 housing units at an average density of {{convert|486.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.64% of the population.

There were 587 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.6% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.1% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $49,750. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $28,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,517.  About 8.7% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

