==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 651
|1920= 643
|1930= 695
|1940= 787
|1950= 806
|1960= 687
|1970= 584
|1980= 587
|1990= 498
|2000= 406
|2010= 336
|2020= 301
|estyear=2022
|estimate=286
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 336 people, 161 households, and 93 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|420.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 223 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 161 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 34.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 406 people, 174 households, and 116 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|511.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 214 housing units at an average density of {{convert|269.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 174 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. About 100 K-12 students attend the town's local public school. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,455, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $12,212 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,491. About 9.2% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 5.9% of those age 65 or over.

