==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1900= 277
|1910= 573
|1920= 651
|1930= 630
|1940= 648
|1950= 631
|1960= 559
|1970= 524
|1980= 524
|1990= 452
|2000= 436
|2010= 393
|2020= 332
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 332 people, 171 households, and 95 families in Lucas.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 546.1 per square mile (210.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 239 housing units at an average density of 393.1 per square mile (151.8/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 90.36% (300) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (87.35% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.3% (1) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 2.41% (8) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.93% (23) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 4.52% (15) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 171 households, 24.0% had children under the age of 18; 42.7% were married couples living together; 25.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.6% of households consisted of individuals and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.9 and the average family size was 2.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 21.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

22.6% of the population was under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 17.2% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 28.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 102.4 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $38,750 (with a margin of error of +/- $10,142) and the median family income was $50,625 (+/- $29,172).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $32,000 (+/- $4,578) versus $17,000 (+/- $5,343) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $30,234 (+/- $14,546).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 9.9% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under the age of 18 and 6.3% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Lucas%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 393 people, 192 households, and 108 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|786|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 257 housing units at an average density of {{convert|514|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White Americans|White]], 0.8% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.8% from some other race, and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.<ref name=Census>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = 2014-09-10}}</ref>

There were 192 households, of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 42.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05, and the average family size was 2.79.<ref name=Census/>

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 17.3% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males age 18 and over.<ref name=Census/>

The median income for a household in the city was $30,368, and the median income for a family was $45,156. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,025. 6.7% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GNIS"/><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 436 people, 180 households, and 113 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|823.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 180 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 31.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

