==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1880= 161
|1890= 152
|1900= 144
|1910= 153
|1920= 144
|1930= 204
|1940= 211
|1950= 229
|1960= 209
|1970= 220
|1980= 200
|1990= 195
|2000= 173
|2010= 165
|2020= 180
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}}}

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 173 people, 78 households, and 47 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,296.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|614.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.58%.<ref name="GR2" /> Historically there is a large [[Pennsylvania Dutch]] population.

There were 78 households, 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were married couples living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 28.2% of households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.73.

The age distribution was 17.3% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The median household income was $36,071 and the median family income  was $36,964. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $20,500 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $16,998. About 9.4% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those sixty five or over.

