==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 99
|1920= 178
|1930= 140
|1940= 202
|1950= 175
|1960= 156
|1970= 110
|1980= 118
|1990= 84
|2000= 76
|2010= 72
|2020= 65
|estyear=2024
|estimate=65
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 16, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 72 people, 42 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|288.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.8% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, of which 11.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.8% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.67 and the average family size was 2.32.

The median age in the city was 54 years. 9.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 45.8% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 76 people, 43 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|313.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|210.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 43 households, out of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.2% were non-families. 48.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.29.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.8% under the age of 18, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 43.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,857, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,095. There were no families and 22.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.8% of those over 64.

