==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 186
|1870= 155
|1880= 150
|1890= 179
|1900= 301
|1910= 330
|1920= 298
|1960= 387
|1970= 338
|1980= 331
|1990= 199
|2000= 304
|2010= 294
|2020= 270
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 304 people, 133 households, and 75 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,068.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|527.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 133 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,125, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $22,917 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,222. About 22.1% of families and 26.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.9% of those 65 or over.

