==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 140
| 1940 = 219
| 1950 = 195
| 1960 = 220
| 1970 = 203
| 1980 = 163
| 1990 = 154
| 2000 = 146
| 2010 = 147
| 2020 = 121
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 147 people, 62 households, and 38 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|249.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 62 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 146 people, 56 households, and 39 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 245.7 people per square mile (95.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 60 housing units at an average density of 101.0 per square mile (39.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 93.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.74% of the population.

There were 56 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $44,531. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $27,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,344. There were 9.8% of families and 13.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.5% of under eighteens and 9.5% of those over 64.

