==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 138
|1890= 796
|1900= 823
|1910= 761
|1920= 726
|1930= 669
|1940= 565
|1950= 574
|1960= 723
|1970= 784
|1980= 883
|1990= 810
|2000= 867
|2010= 936
|2020= 805
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 936 people, 363 households, and 228 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1282.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|537.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 363 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 44.1 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.2% male and 54.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 867 people, 350&nbsp;households, and 231&nbsp;families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,178.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 392&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|532.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.81% of the population.

There were 350 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 30.1% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 47&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 82.9&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 78.9&nbsp;males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $43,500. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $19,904 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,733. About 8.1% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under age&nbsp;18 and 11.4% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

