==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 1085
|1970= 1027
|1980= 1043
|1990= 1314
|2000= 1546
|2010= 1649
|2020= 1582
| estimate=1583
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small>1960–1990<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><br />2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/> 2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402775890 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Victory Gardens borough, Morris County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212101213/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3402775890 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 19, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_mor/victorygardens1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Victory Gardens borough] {{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed July 19, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,520 people, 533 households, and 398 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was 10,419.2 per square mile (4,022.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 566 housing units at an average density of 3,879.8 per square mile (1,498.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 58.49% (889) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 16.25% (247) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.66% (10) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 2.43% (37) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 17.43% (265) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.74% (72) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 62.96% (957) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 533 households, 41.7% had children under the age of 18; 43.0% were married couples living together; 21.8% had a female householder with no husband present and 25.3% were non-families. Of all households, 20.3% were made up of individuals and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.16.<ref name=Census2010/>

26.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 34.2% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33.3 years. For every 100 females, the population had 92.4 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 90.8 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $53,269 (with a margin of error of +/− $3,599) and the median family income was $52,500 (+/− $6,885). Males had a median income of $34,063 (+/− $5,135) versus $33,750 (+/− $9,755) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,340 (+/− $1,640). About 11.9% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402775890 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Victory Gardens borough, Morris County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212102716/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3402775890 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed June 21, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,546 people, 564 households, and 381 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|10,582.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 588 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4,025.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 51.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 15.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 50.65% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603475890.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Victory Gardens borough, New Jersey] {{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 19, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402775890 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Victory Gardens borough, Morris County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212092131/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3402775890 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 19, 2012.</ref>

15.27% of Victory Gardens residents identified themselves as being of [[Colombia]]n ancestry in the 2000 Census, the highest percentage of the population of any municipality in the United States.<ref>[http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/Colombian.html Colombian Communities] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20071011163422/http://epodunk.com/ancestry/Colombian.html |date=October 11, 2007 }}, [[EPodunk]]. Accessed August 23, 2006.</ref>

There were 564 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.21.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 39.3% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $44,375, and the median income for a family was $43,594. Males had a median income of $32,841 versus $24,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,616. About 8.9% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

