==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 476
|1890= 522
|1900= 513
|1910= 541
|1920= 575
|1930= 615
|1940= 728
|1950= 674
|1960= 769
|1970= 752
|1980= 836
|1990= 691
|2000= 816
|2010= 735
|2020= 729
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 20, 2014}}</ref><ref>Data in historical population table from {{citation|title=US Census, 1890|year = 1891|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=40kUAAAAYAAJ&q=census%20pataskala&pg=RA1-PA151}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 2000|isbn = 9781428986060|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=9A1ElkbD3YcC&q=1990%20census%20ohio&pg=PA21}}; {{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 20, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 735 people, 326 households, and 186 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|930.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 372 housing units at an average density of {{convert|470.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 326 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 816 people, 329 households, and 231 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,052.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|459.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 329 households, out of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,408, and the median income for a family was $35,781. Males had a median income of $27,031 versus $20,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,603. About 14.9% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

