==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 123
|1930= 147
|1940= 146
|1950= 161
|1960= 164
|1970= 158
|1980= 216
|1990= 193
|2000= 204
|2010= 197
|2020= 177
|estyear=2022
|estimate=175
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 197 people, 83 households, and 56 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|729.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.0% from two or more races.

There were 83 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 34.7 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.3% male and 44.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 204 people, 92 households, and 49 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|769.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.7% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 15.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $48,281. Males had a median income of $27,361 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,434. About 9.1% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

