==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 1747
|1860= 1339
|1880= 764
|1890= 958
|1900= 896
|1910= 766
|1920= 713
|1930= 705
|1940= 665
|1950= 822
|1960= 572
|1970= 423
|1980= 361
|1990= 308
|2000= 307
|2010= 286
|2020= 269
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=October 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141003185009/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 286 people, 131 households, and 78 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|539.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1% of the population.

Of the 131 households, 21% had children under the age of 18 living with them; 44% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together; 13% had a female householder with no husband present; 3% had a male householder with no wife present; and 41% were non-families. Individuals were 29%, with 15% living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size, 2.69.

The median age in the town was 52. Of all residents, 17% were under the age of 18; 3% between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% from 25 to 44; 38% from 45 to 64; and 23% 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.
