==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 925 people, 375 households, and 232 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,470.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 412 housing units at an average density of {{convert|654.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 76.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19% of the population.

There were 375 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,176, and the median income for a family was $46,458. Males had a median income of $27,279 versus $29,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,220. About 7.7% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

