==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 2025
|1870= 2976
|1880= 3117
|1890= 3358
|1900= 3818
|1910= 3739
|1920= 3929
|1930= 3984
|1940= 4566
|1950= 5619
|1960= 6163
|1970= 7053
|1980= 7111
|1990= 7241
|2000= 6828
|2010= 7733
|2020= 7863
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=November 18, 2012 }}</ref> of 2010, there were 7,733 people, 3,053 households, and 1,769 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1555.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3,306 housing units at an average density of {{convert|665.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 3,053 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.1% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 37.2 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 17.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,828 people, 2,922 households, and 1,759 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,612.8 people per square mile (623.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 3,118 housing units at an average density of 736.5 per square mile (284.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. 2.21% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 2,922 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,399, and the median income for a family was $51,100. Males had a median income of $35,990 versus $25,053 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,313. About 4.4% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.

