==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 459
|1920= 350
|1930= 491
|1940= 481
|1950= 524
|1960= 374
|1970= 525
|1980= 470
|1990= 427
|2000= 435
|2010= 480
|2020= 430
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 435 people, 181 households, and 121 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|372.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 227 housing units at an average density of {{convert|194.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=Hornbeck&_cityTown=Hornbeck&_state=04000US22&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y  Hornbeck Census Data] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212053949/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=Hornbeck&_cityTown=Hornbeck&_state=04000US22&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y |date=February 12, 2020 }}.</ref>

There were 181 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,446, and the median income for a family was $33,036. Males had a median income of $27,750 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,237. About 13.2% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 29.9% of those age 65 or over.

