==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 249
|1930= 360
|1940= 258
|1950= 510
|1960= 415
|1970= 560
|1980= 490
|1990= 271
|2000= 430
|2010= 422
|2020= 381
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 422 people, 135 households, and 63 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|426.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 135 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.3% were non-families. 48.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 65.1 years. 11.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 17.1% were from 45 to 64; and 50.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 41.5% male and 58.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 430 people, 124 households, and 59 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|433.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.86% from two or more races.

There were 124 households, out of which 14.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.4% were non-families. 45.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 13.7% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 54.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 68 years. For every 100 females, there were 62.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 60.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $20,250, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,207.  About 14.6% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 24.2% of those age 65 or over.

