==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 128
|1880= 196
|1890= 413
|1900= 230
|1910= 184
|1920= 196
|1930= 266
|1940= 304
|1950= 359
|1960= 814
|1970= 943
|1980= 1086
|1990= 1300
|2000= 1422
|2010= 1611
|2020= 1622
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Jefferson racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3734440&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-20|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,416
| 87.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 18
| 1.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 8
| 0.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 13
| 0.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 47
| 2.9%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 120
| 7.4%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,622 people, 615 households, and 340 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,422 people, 582 households, and 334 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|738.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 617 housing units, at an average density of {{convert|320.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 95.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.73% of the population.

There were 582 households, of which 19.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. Of all households, 39.5% were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age was 51 years, with 14.3% of the population under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 34.7% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 73.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.7 males.

The median household income was $22,847, and the median family income was $34,554. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,505. About 11.6% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 19.6% of those age 65 or over.

