==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 244
|1920= 400
|1930= 313
|1960= 314
|1970= 416
|1980= 276
|1990= 319
|2000= 316
|2010= 311
|2020= 305
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Cumberland City racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4718820&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 27, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 269
| 88.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 10
| 3.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 21
| 6.89%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 4
| 1.31%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 305 people, 148 households, and 64 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 316 people, 139 households, and 89 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|65.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.22% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,750, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,363. About 22.8% of families and 27.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.9% of those under the age of 18 and 23.8% of those 65 and older.

