==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 183
|1920= 208
|1930= 210
|1940= 215
|1950= 189
|1960= 151
|1970= 167
|1980= 222
|1990= 230
|2000= 347
|2010= 439
|2020= 436
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 439 people, 167 households, and 115 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|119.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 258 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 167 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the city was 36.4 years. 30.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 347 people, 132 households, and 88 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|99.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $41,389. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,501.  About 13.3% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

