==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 260
|2000= 219
|2010= 500
|2020= 500
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 219 people, 59 households, and 50 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|181.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of 49.8/sq mi (19.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 96.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 67.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 55.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.6% were non-families. 10.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.71 and the average family size was 3.80.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 53.0% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 8.7% from 45 to 64, and 1.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 16 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 60.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $8,667, and the median income for a family was $7,083. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $3,026. About 85.7% of families and 86.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 93.6% of those under the age of 18 and 100.0% of those 65 or over.{{clear left}}

