==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 470
|1880= 302
|1890= 333
|1900= 521
|1910= 392
|1920= 470
|1930= 580
|1940= 662
|1950= 1103
|1960= 1165
|1970= 1301
|1980= 1165
|1990= 1118
|2000= 1040
|2010= 947
|2020= 776
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Grand Coteau racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2230760&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 247
| 31.83%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 483
| 62.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 19
| 2.45%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 25
| 3.22%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 776 people, 296 households, and 182 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 947 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 71.0% Black, 26.0% White, 0.1% Asian, 0.1% from some other race and 0.6% from two or more races. 2.2% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,040 people, 377 households, and 260 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|427.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 407 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 30.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 67.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.83% of the population.

There were 377 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,943, and the median income for a family was $26,528. Males had a median income of $21,992 versus $16,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,728. About 25.2% of families and 29.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.6% of those under age 18 and 19.9% of those age 65 or over.

