==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 81
|1960= 110
|1970= 114
|1980= 79
|1990= 56
|2000= 71
|2010= 65
|2020= 71
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 65 people, 29 households, and 17 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|65.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|32.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 13.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 38.5 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 71 people, 28 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|71.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.41% from two or more races.

There were 28 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $37,250 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,324. There were no families and 2.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

