==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 578
|1890= 903
|1900= 987
|1910= 1039
|1920= 947
|1930= 880
|1940= 896
|1950= 854
|1960= 773
|1970= 793
|1980= 802
|1990= 696
|2000= 653
|2010= 682
|2020= 690
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 690 people, 268 households, and 158 families in Hanover.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 1,151.9 per square mile (444.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 312 housing units at an average density of 520.9 per square mile (201.1/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 96.38% (665) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (95.22% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.58% (4) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.14% (1) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.72% (5) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.03% (14) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 1.74% (12) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 268 households, 27.6% had children under the age of 18; 53.4% were married couples living together; 25.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 39.6% of households consisted of individuals and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 2.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 15.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

26.4% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 104.8 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $56,250 (with a margin of error of +/- $4,115) and the median family income was $71,667 (+/- $13,181).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $41,000 (+/- $5,838) versus $31,538 (+/- $4,725) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $36,250 (+/- $4,660).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 1.8% of families and 1.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.7% of those under the age of 18 and 3.9% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Hanover%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 682 people, 285 households, and 180 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1263.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 314 housing units at an average density of {{convert|581.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 285 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

Hanover is a rural community, so its income is slightly lower than the state average. The median income for a household in the city was $43,250 compared to Kansas's average of $51,332.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/><ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_13_5YR_S1901&prodType=table "Kansas Income in the Past 12 Months"] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200214010929/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_13_5YR_S1901&prodType=table |date=2020-02-14 }}. American FactFinder. Retrieved 5/31/15.</ref> The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,596, compared to Kansas's per capita income of $26,929. About 9.6% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 653 people, 283 households, and 170 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,298.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|660.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 283 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,375, and the median income for a family was $38,667. Males had a median income of $25,104 versus $18,235 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,596. About 5.7% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

