==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 165 people, 72 households, and 38 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|40.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of 25.5 per square mile (9.8/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.2% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 47.3% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 140.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,179, and the median income for a family was $12,411. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $24,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,485. About 51.1% of families and 27.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 100.0% of those 65 or over.
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Tabernash CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Tabernash CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|165
|2010|417
|2020|401
}}
{{clear}}

