==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 389
| 1990 = 388
| 2000 = 395
| 2010 = 374
| 2020 = 322
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 374 people, 172 households, and 101 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|281.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 172 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 44.4 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 395 people, 181 households, and 97 families residing in the village.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 270.0 people per square mile (104.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 201 housing units at an average density of 137.4 per square mile (53.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. 0.25% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 181 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.9% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $31,375 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,958. About 6.1% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

