==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 1222
|1870= 1407
|1880= 1547
|1890= 1722
|1900= 1865
|1910= 1791
|1920= 1896
|1930= 1937
|1940= 2269
|1950= 2532
|1960= 2911
|1970= 3255
|1980= 3458
|1990= 3882
|2000= 4220
|2010= 4693
|2020= 4984
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5520350">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Dodgeville city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5520350&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=9 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 4,984. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,227.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,238 housing units at an average density of {{convert|551.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.7% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 2.1% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

According to the [[American Community Survey]] estimates for 2016-2020, the median income for a household in the city was $65,040, and the median income for a family was $90,729. Male full-time workers had a median income of $48,065 versus $42,755 for female workers. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $32,599. About 2.0% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="2020-EconChar-5520350">{{cite web|title=Selected Economic Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Dodgeville city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5520350&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP03 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=13 November 2022}}</ref> Of the population age 25 and over, 96.9% were high school graduates or higher and 22.3% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020-SocChar-5520350">{{cite web|title=Selected Social Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Dodgeville city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5520350&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP02 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=13 November 2022}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=24 October 2015}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,693 people, 1,965 households, and 1,229 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1206.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|544.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 1,965 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 37.8 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,220 people, 1,751 households, and 1,131 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,178.5 people per square mile (455.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,831 housing units at an average density of 511.3 per square mile (197.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. 0.43% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,751 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34, and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males

The median income for a household in the city was $41,615, and the median income for a family was $50,755. Males had a median income of $32,738 versus $24,047 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,962. About 2.7% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

