==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 96
|1900= 141
|1910= 96
|1920= 91
|1930= 445
|1940= 140
|1950= 51
|1960= 19
|1970= 10
|1980= 8
|1990= 16
|2000= 14
|2010= 16
|2020= 17
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |df=mdy }}</ref> of 2000, there were 14 people, 7 households, and 3 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|31.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 21.43% from two or more races.

There were 7 households, out of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 57.1% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 7.1% under the age of 18, 28.6% from 18 to 24, 14.3% from 25 to 44, 50.0% from 45 to 64, . The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 180.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 160.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $63,750, and the median income for a family was $27,000. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $66,857. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].
{{clear}}

