==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 86
| 1950 = 290
| 1960 = 308
| 1970 = 484
| 1980 = 833
| 1990 = 1043
| 2000 = 969
| 2010 = 1651
| 2020 = 1919
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,651 people, 625 households and 442 families in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|730.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 724 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 625 households, of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.3% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age was 31.3 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.6% were from 25 to 44; 22% were from 45 to 64; and 5.7% were 65 years of age or older. The population was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 969 people, 392 households and 255 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,805.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 402 housing units at an average density of {{convert|748.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 392 households, of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.00.

24.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 35.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $42,258 and the median family income was $47,857. Males had a median income of $35,968 compared with $23,819 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,616. About 3.5% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 21.2% of those age 65 or over.

