==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 241
|1900= 354
|1910= 472
|1920= 507
|1930= 363
|1940= 332
|1950= 250
|1960= 208
|1970= 199
|1980= 192
|1990= 184
|2000= 248
|2010= 210
|2020= 199
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 210 people, 90 households, and 58 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|807.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|384.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 248 people, 90 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|948.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 90 households, out of which 43.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.44.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,107, and the median income for a family was $34,500. Males had a median income of $30,521 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,467. About 10.9% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.6% of those 65 or over.

