==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1980= 367
|1990= 238
|2000= 372
|2010= 345
|2020= 379
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 372 people, 141 households, and 110 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|204.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was: 362 people (97.31%) reported as [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 7 people (1.88%) reported as [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3 people (0.81%) reported as two or more races. 10 people (2.69% of the population) were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 141 households, out of which 56 (39.7%) had children under the age of 18 living with them, 97 (68.8%) were married couples living together, 10 (7.1%) had a female householder with no husband present, and 30 (21.3%) were non-families. 27 households (19.1%) were made up of individuals, and 13 households (9.2%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 25.3% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,167, and the median income for a family was $49,250. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $24,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,408. About 14.0% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.0% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

