==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 519
|1920= 243
|1930= 297
|1940= 306
|1950= 281
|1960= 280
|1970= 200
|1980= 231
|1990= 250
|2000= 263
|2010= 206
|2020= 169
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 206 people, 86 households, and 54 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|208.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 38.2 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 20.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 263 people, 94 households, and 72 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|257.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,063, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,890.  About 18.1% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.9% of those 65 or over.

