==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1890= 676
|1900= 464
|1910= 438
|1920= 495
|1930= 328
|1940= 355
|1950= 350
|1960= 308
|1970= 274
|1980= 238
|1990= 149
|2000= 183
|2010= 174
|2020= 117
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 183 people, 76 households, and 48 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|182.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|96.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 77.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 5.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.19% of the population.

There were 76 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were married couples living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $13,036, and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,468. About 28.6% of families and 38.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 34.0% of those 65 or over.

