==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Roosevelt, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Roosevelt%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 13, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 79
| 2010 = 156
| 2020 = 152
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 79 people, 33 households, and 20 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 20.5 people per square mile (7.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 46 housing units at an average density of 11.9/sq&nbsp;mi (4.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.46% of the population.

There were 33 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 15.2% from 25 to 44, 35.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 154.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $45,694, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,083. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

