==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1011
|1920= 1215
|1930= 918
|1940= 1122
|1950= 1035
|1960= 955
|1970= 914
|1980= 914
|1990= 713
|2000= 769
|2010= 664
|2020= 544
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 529
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 664 people, 266 households, and 174 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1185.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 319 housing units at an average density of {{convert|569.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 266 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 38.3 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 769 people, 293 households, and 201 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,383.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|570.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 293 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,438, and the median income for a family was $43,542. Males had a median income of $36,938 versus $17,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,986. About 9.5% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

