==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 549
|1920= 621
|1930= 485
|1940= 375
|1950= 322
|1960= 376
|1970= 352
|1980= 331
|1990= 310
|2000= 315
|2010= 360
|2020= 651
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 360 people, 151 households, and 95 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|18.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 151 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 315 people, 136 households, and 87 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|64.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 94.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.63% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,250, and the median income for a family was $50,417. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $20,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,357.  About 14.9% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.2% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.

