==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 73
|1950= 136
|1960= 295
|1970= 427
|1980= 588
|1990= 770
|2000= 975
|2010= 953
|2020= 903
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 975 people, 350 households, and 262 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,231.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|865.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.41% of the population.

There were 350 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $99,309, and the median income for a family was $116,379. Males had a median income of $81,665 versus $50,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $58,455. None of the families and 3.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty threshold]], including no under eighteens and 4.7% of those over 64.

