==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 3916
|2010= 4422
|2020= 5094
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=January 1, 2023}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,916 people, 1,511 households, and 1,119 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1,126.7 people per square mile (434.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,711 housing units at an average density of 492.3/sq&nbsp;mi (189.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 1,511 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $66,042, and the median income for a family was $73,300. Males had a median income of $47,420 versus $31,985 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $40,508. About 1.9% of families and 2.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.9% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

