==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 437
|1900= 603
|1910= 690
|1920= 828
|1930= 785
|1940= 838
|1950= 878
|1960= 993
|1970= 1142
|1980= 1163
|1990= 1244
|2000= 1334
|2010= 1325
|2020= 1302
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,325 people, 524 households, and 350 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1215.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 587 housing units at an average density of {{convert|538.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 524 households, of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.2% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,334 people, 520 households, and 361 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,247.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 562 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.30% of the population.

There were 520 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,906, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $36,750 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,929.  About 9.0% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

