==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 7503
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7036 people in the area, organized into 2840 households and 1800 families. The population density was {{convert|4,368.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,004 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,864.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.10% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 1.42% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.30% from [[Race (U.S. census)|other races]], and 2.71% from two or more races. 10.77% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 2,840 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.03.

The population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,159, and the median income for a family was $50,996. Males had a median income of $38,850 versus $26,913 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,891. 10.5% of the population and 6.8% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 15.0% of those under the age of 18 and 5.2% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

