==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 206
|1940= 237
|1950= 235
|1960= 292
|1970= 452
|1980= 506
|1990= 628
|2000= 597
|2010= 646
|2020= 692
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 646 people, 245 households, and 200 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|116.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 245 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.4% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 48 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.4% were from 25 to 44; 37.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 597 people, 223 households, and 179 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|106.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population. 17.7% were of [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 16.8% [[German Americans|German]], 12.5% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 8.4% [[English Americans|English]], 5.4% [[American ancestry|American]], 5.4% [[Slovene Americans|Slovene]] and 5.0% [[Hungarian Americans|Hungarian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 223 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.3% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 36.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $112,421, and the median income for a family was $144,134. Males had a median income of $87,424 versus $37,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $78,896. About 2.1% of families and 3.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

