==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1950 = 345
| 1960 = 364
| 1970 = 410
| 1980 = 478
| 1990 = 436
| 2000 = 384
| 2010 = 272
| 2020 = 228
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 222
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=August 29, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210829184404/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> there were 384 people, 155 households and 110 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|599.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.48% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.26% from two or more races. 0.26% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 155 households, of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.01.

Age distribution was 28.4% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $22,778, and the median family income was $28,906. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $15,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,053. About 11.2% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.5% of those under age 18 and 29.3% of those age 65 or over.

