==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 111
|1970= 131
|1980= 144
|1990= 110
|2000= 59
|2010= 76
|2020= 68
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 19, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131120100311/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=November 20, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 76 people, 35 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|400.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 5.3% from two or more races.

There were 35 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.4% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 54.8 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.8% were from 25 to 44; 39.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 59 people, 34 households, and 17 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|299.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, out of which 14.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.1% were non-families. 47.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.74 and the average family size was 2.39.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 11.9% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 35.6% from 45 to 64, and 30.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 73.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $12,083 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,144. There were 25.0% of families and 19.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 26.1% of those over 64.

