==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 272
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 360 people, 92 households, and 77 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|142.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.56% from two or more races.

There were 92 households, out of which 51.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.3% were non-families. 13.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.91 and the average family size was 4.36.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 36.4% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,750, and the median income for a family was $42,361. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $28,088 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,226. None of the families and 5.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

