==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|143
|1920|203
|1930|218
|1940|197
|1950|172
|1960|187
|1970|148
|1980|199
|1990|160
|2000|189
|2010|132
|2020|123
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 123 people, 54 households, and 35 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 929.5 inhabitants per square mile (358.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 64 housing units at an average density of 483.7 per square mile (186.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 70.7% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 4.9% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 7.3% from other races and 16.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 22.8% of the population.

Of the 54 households, 27.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% were cohabitating couples, 24.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 24.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.2% of all households were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 48.2 years. 17.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.3% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 26.0% were from 25 and 44; 35.0% were from 45 and 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 132 people, 54 households, and 37 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1015.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|561.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.5% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 189 people, 74 households, and 54 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,438.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|646.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.12% of the population.

There were 74 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.93.

Age spread: 24.3% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,929, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $29,000 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,211. About 3.8% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

