==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 111
|1950= 378
|1960= 451
|1970= 463
|1980= 465
|1990= 374
|2000= 260
|2010= 217
|2020= 210
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
Samburg is part of the [[Union City, Tennessee|Union City]], TN&ndash;[[Kentucky|KY]] [[Union City micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 260 people, 104 households, and 69 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|428.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.15% of the population.

There were 104 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 108.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,125, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $16,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,162. About 8.3% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.2% of those 65 or over.

