==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 70
|1970= 105
|1980= 114
|1990= 113
|2000= 114
|2010= 113
|2020= 113
|estyear=2022
|estimate=111
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=March 24, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=March 24, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 113 people, 43 households, and 33 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1412.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|587.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.8% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.3% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 45.2 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 32.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 114 people, 45 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1642.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|691.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.40% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 35.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $49,583, and the median income for a family was $59,583. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,988. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

