==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 26
|1910= 250
|1920= 318
|1930= 317
|1940= 212
|1950= 195
|1960= 173
|1970= 170
|1980= 172
|1990= 186
|2000= 207
|2010= 170
|2020= 157
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 170 people, 70 households, and 45 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1062.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|531.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.2% of the population.

There were 70 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 38.8 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 207 people, 76 households, and 51 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,451.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|624.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 76 households, out of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.7% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,813, and the median income for a family was $32,857. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,709. About 14.3% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

