==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 374
|1930= 359
|1940= 393
|1950= 394
|1960= 341
|1970= 360
|1980= 548
|1990= 637
|2000= 721
|2010= 696
|2020= 672
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 696 people, 274 households, and 175 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1364.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 333 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.5% of the population.

There were 274 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the city was 35.8 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 721 people, 285 households, and 196 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,420.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 318 housing units at an average density of {{convert|626.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.74% of the population.

There were 285 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,354, and the median income for a family was $26,058. Males had a median income of $22,750 versus $16,827 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,124. About 18.2% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.4% of those under age 18 and 20.5% of those age 65 or over.

