==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 200
|1910= 270
|1920= 350
|1930= 338
|1940= 358
|1950= 323
|1960= 286
|1970= 249
|1980= 212
|1990= 161
|2000= 159
|2010= 154
|2020= 126
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 159 people, 76 households, and 43 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 256.2 people per square mile (99.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 86 housing units at an average density of 138.6 per square mile (53.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 76 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.4% were non-families. 43.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,337. None of the families and 3.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.4% of those over 64.

