==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 191
|1920= 258
|1930= 226
|1940= 153
|1950= 157
|1960= 161
|1970= 127
|1980= 102
|1990= 91
|2000= 66
|2010= 59
|2020= 44
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 44 people, 22 households, and 14 families in Clayton.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Clayton%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 104.5 per square mile (40.4/km{{sup|2}}). There were 32 housing units at an average density of 76.0 per square mile (29.3/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Clayton%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 90.91% (40) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (90.91% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 2.27% (1) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 2.27% (1) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.55% (2) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Clayton%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Clayton%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 22 households, 18.2% had children under the age of 18; 40.9% were married couples living together; 22.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.3% of households consisted of individuals and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.8 and the average family size was 2.2.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Clayton%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

18.2% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 9.1% from 25 to 44, 36.4% from 45 to 64, and 31.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 111.8 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $42,375 (with a margin of error of +/- $32,443) and the median family income was $63,750 (+/- $8,107).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Clayton%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Females had a median income of $35,625 (+/- $21,674). The median income for those above 16 years old was $35,000 (+/- $22,673).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Clayton%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 59 people, 23 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|137.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 23 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 13.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.4% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 50.9 years. 16.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 42.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

