==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,515 people, 662 households, and 442 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 564.3 people per square mile (218.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 723 housing units at an average density of 269.3/sq&nbsp;mi (104.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.49% of the population.

There were 662 households, out of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,386, and the median income for a family was $36,927. Males had a median income of $26,164 versus $17,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,959. About 12.4% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 19.6% of those age 65 or over.

