==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 126
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 113 people, 37 households, and 33 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|114.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.4|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 34.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.65% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 7.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 52.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.54% from two or more races. 92.04% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 37 households, out of which 54.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.8% were non-families. 8.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.05 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 15.0% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,571, and the median income for a family was $32,292. Males had a median income of $31,625 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,749. There were 23.8% of families and 28.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

