==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 7,093 people, 2,674 households, and 1,461 families residing in the borough.{{Historical populations
|title= Historical population
|percentages= 
|align= right
|cols= 1
|1800|688
|1810|676
|1820|848
|1840|1145
|1850|1470
|1860|1890
|1870|3634
|1880|4125
|1890|5729
|1900|6053
|1910|6861
|1920|7051
|1930|7558
|1940|7170
|1950|7330
|1960|7234
|1970|6987
|1980|7042
|1990|6843
|2000|6918
|2010|7093
|2020|6827
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status = dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}
The population density was {{convert|2026.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,911 housing units at an average density of {{convert|831.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 94.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 2,674 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were married couples living together, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.4% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 24.4% from 18 to 24, 19.1% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $35,057, and the median income for a family was $54,621.  The per capita income for the borough was $19,070. About 6.3% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.9% of those under age 18 and 14.2% of those age 65 or over.

