==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 162
|1930= 143
|1940= 135
|1950= 135
|1960= 145
|1970= 196
|1980= 190
|1990= 192
|2000= 217
|2010= 224
|2020= 191
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 191 people, 76 households, and 60 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 653.6 inhabitants per square mile (252.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 83 housing units at an average density of 284.0 per square mile (109.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from other races and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.6% of the population.

Of the 76 households, 38.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% were cohabitating couples, 10.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 14.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 21.1% of all households were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 28.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 28.8% were from 25 and 44; 27.2% were from 45 and 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 224 people, 80 households, and 65 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|746.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 80 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.8% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the city was 37.2 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 217 people, 75 households, and 60 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|697.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.92% from two or more races.

There were 75 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.7% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,781, and the median income for a family was $41,042. Males had a median income of $28,958 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,504. About 8.5% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

