==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 216
|1930= 217
|1940= 182
|1950= 181
|1960= 166
|1970= 147
|1980= 129
|1990= 120
|2000= 133
|2010= 120
|2020= 99
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 120 people, 52 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|324.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 52 households, of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.5% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 37 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 133 people, 54 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|364.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 54 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 22.2% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,000, and the median income for a family was $39,750. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,451. There were 4.3% of families and 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

