==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,878 people, 764 households, and 541 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,419.0 people per square mile (549.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 812 housing units at an average density of 613.5 per square mile (237.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.54% of the population.

There were 764 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,929, and the median income for a family was $37,896. Males had a median income of $26,105 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,030. About 9.0% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 17.7% of those age 65 or over.

{{US Census population
|1880= 197
|1890= 751
|1900= 1220
|1910= 1431
|1920= 1895
|1930= 1980
|1940= 1829
|1950= 1903
|1960= 1839
|1970= 1714
|1980= 1861
|1990= 2213
|2000= 1878
|2010= 2373
|2020= 2486
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

