==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 171
|1920= 238
|1930= 253
|1940= 328
|1950= 249
|1960= 224
|1970= 236
|1980= 215
|1990= 164
|2000= 143
|2010= 184
|2020= 208
|estyear=2021
|estimate=205
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 1, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 1, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 184 people, 73 households, and 49 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|149.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 38.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 46.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 15.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 73 households, of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 27.5 years. 37.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 143 people, 62 households, and 32 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|117.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 60.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 37.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.40% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.8% were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 12.6% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $35,208. Males had a median income of $22,813 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,622. There were 8.9% of families and 7.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

