==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 253
| 1890 = 333
| 1920 = 218
| 1930 = 268
| 1940 = 194
| 1950 = 110
| 1960 = 102
| 1970 = 143
| 1980 = 247
| 1990 = 283
| 2000 = 287
| 2010 = 271
| 2020 = 274
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 272
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 287 people, 126 households, and 86 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|605.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 96.86% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 2.79% from two or more races.  0.35% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 126 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $18,864 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,051.  About 9.3% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.8% of those 65 or over.

