==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 247
|1890= 552
|1900= 568
|1910= 643
|1920= 804
|1930= 785
|1940= 872
|1950= 962
|1960= 863
|1970= 1058
|1980= 1066
|1990= 1082
|2000= 1233
|2010= 1469
|2020= 1472
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1483
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 3, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 3, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 1,469 people, 572 households, and 370 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|901.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 620 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 572 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 35.9 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 19.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,233 people, 515 households, and 313 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|832.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 551 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.87% of the population. 30.8% were of [[German American|German]], 25.6% [[Swedish American|Swedish]], 11.4% [[Norwegian American|Norwegian]], 8.6% [[Finnish American|Finnish]], and 6.7% [[Irish American|Irish]] ancestry.

There were 515 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $48,854. Males had a median income of $30,759 versus $22,121 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,476.  About 3.7% of families and 5.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.8% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.

