==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 215
| 1920 = 160
| 1930 = 111
| 1940 = 116
| 1950 = 111
| 1960 = 96
| 1970 = 63
| 1980 = 106
| 1990 = 99
| 2000 = 79
| 2010 = 86
| 2020 = 98
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 86 people, 34 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|183.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|125.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.5% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.9% were from 25 to 44; 38.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 79 people, 34 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|197.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 36.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,500, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $50,833 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,468. There were no families and 5.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and none of those over 64.

