==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 57
| 1950 = 97
| 1960 = 63
| 1970 = 83
| 1980 = 75
| 1990 = 65
| 2000 = 116
| 2010 = 405
| 2020 = 436
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 457
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 116 people, 43 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|203.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.55% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 3.45% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 43 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,679, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $41,875 versus $33,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,557. There were 9.1% of families and 10.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 50.0% of those over 65.

