==Demographics==

{{US Census population
| footnote = Sources: <ref name="GR2"/><ref name="Census 2010"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2000 = 2638
| 2010 = 2477
| 2020 = 2759
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 2,638 people, 1,151 households, and 645 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 4,408.7 people per square mile (1,697.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,264 housing units at an average density of 2,112.4/sq&nbsp;mi (813.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 76.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.4% of the population.

There were 1,151 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.8% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 15.3% from 18 to 24, 33.4% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,285, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $30,801 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,532. About 8.8% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 2.6% of those age 65 or over.

