==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1505
|2010= 1210
|2020= 883
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000)<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=4&place_id=26210&cty_id=|title = Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 55%
|-
| Spoke English at home || 45%
|}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,505 people, 422 households, and 321 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|168.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 507 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 10.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. 2.4% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 422 households, out of which 46.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were married couples living together, 21.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.5 and the average family size was 4.1.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 38.7% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,958, and the median income for a family was $43,281. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $26,306 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $7,500. About 10.3% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.8% of those under age 18 and 37.8% of those age 65 or over.

