==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 5695
|2000= 5509
|2010= 5678
|2020= 6210
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/orelandcdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,678 people, 2,138 households, and 1,601 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 3,883.7 people per square mile. There were 2,188 housing units at an average density of 1,498.6/sq mi. The racial makeup of the CDP was 79.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.73% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.45% of the population.

There were 2,138 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

As of the Census of 2000, the median income for a household in the CDP was $54,809, and the median income for a family was $67,542. Males had a median income of $50,260 versus $34,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,256. About 4.5% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

