==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1880= 506
|1890= 800
|1900= 890
|1910= 1155
|1920= 1326
|1930= 1404
|1940= 1426
|1950= 1462
|1960= 1231
|1970= 1287
|1980= 1205
|1990= 1037
|2000= 976
|2010= 869
|2020= 836
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 836 people, 404 households, and 217 families in Mankato.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 857.4 per square mile (331.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 479 housing units at an average density of 491.3 per square mile (189.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 92.22% (771) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (91.51% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.24% (2) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.84% (7) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.72% (6) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.84% (7) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.14% (43) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.63% (22) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 404 households, 22.0% had children under the age of 18; 43.1% were married couples living together; 27.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 41.8% of households consisted of individuals and 24.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.1 and the average family size was 2.8.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 18.1% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

20.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 28.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 105.2 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $35,455 (with a margin of error of +/- $13,171) and the median family income was $63,594 (+/- $16,067).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $29,375 (+/- $6,498) versus $16,339 (+/- $4,210) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $22,111 (+/- $3,473).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 4.2% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.5% of those under the age of 18 and 8.4% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Mankato%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 869 people in 405 households, including 242 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|860.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 486 housing units at an average density of {{convert|481.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 97.0% White, 0.3% African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 6, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 405 households 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 37.5% of households were one person and 18.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age was 51.5 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 28.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

