==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 262
|1930= 212
|1940= 206
|1950= 234
|1960= 222
|1970= 181
|1980= 139
|1990= 159
|2000= 149
|2010= 110
|2020= 110
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 110 people, 61 households, and 29 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|733.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|546.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 61 households, of which 16.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.5% were non-families. 47.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.48.

The median age in the town was 55.5 years. 13.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.3% were from 25 to 44; 37.3% were from 45 to 64; and 30% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 149 people, 67 households, and 42 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,022.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|549.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 67 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 36.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $18,125 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,939. There were 37.5% of families and 44.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 82.4% of under eighteens and 16.0% of those over 64.

