==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 506
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020, there were 506 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 6,246.91 people per square mile (2,408.26/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 210 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 86.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 6.5% from two or more races. 4.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Ridgewood CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Ridgewood_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3967128 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=27 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 185 households, out of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 18.4% had a female householder with no spouse present. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61, and the average family size was 2.99.<ref name="2020 census"/>

26.8% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 55.4% were 18 to 64, and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.6. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $131,250, and the median income for a family was $147,868. About 2.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 74.1% of the population were employed, and 89.5% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

