==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 698
|1910= 676
|1920= 618
|1930= 435
|1940= 261
|1950= 195
|1960= 206
|1970= 225
|1980= 190
|1990= 157
|2000= 303
|2010= 343
|2020= 364
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 303 people, 114 households, and 76 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|307.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.98% of the population.

There were 114 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,563, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $17,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,563. About 14.3% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.
{{clear}}

