==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 199
|1880= 133
|1890= 138
|1900= 210
|1910= 254
|1920= 253
|1930= 254
|1940= 275
|1950= 247
|1960= 218
|1970= 263
|1980= 298
|1990= 322
|2000= 244
|2010= 248
|2020= 222
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

The [[United States Census Bureau]] redefined Hardinsburg as a [[census designated place]] in 2023.<ref>{{Cite web|title=2023 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2023/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 248 people, 96 households, and 61 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|121.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the town was 37 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 244 people, 99 households, and 66 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|119.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.10% of the population.

There were 99 households, out of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,112. About 5.6% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

