==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 230
|1920= 346
|1930= 337
|1940= 438
|1950= 426
|1960= 350
|1970= 345
|1980= 390
|1990= 330
|2000= 403
|2010= 400
|2020= 409
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 400 people, 160 households, and 108 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|784.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|356.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 46.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 33.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 20.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 160 households, of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 33.7 years. 31.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.0% male and 57.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 403 people, 179 households, and 100 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|788.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 66.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 16.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population (1 person).

There were 179 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.1% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,042, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $23,906 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,968.  About 2.8% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.
