==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1940 = 153
| 1950 = 120
| 1960 = 97
| 1970 = 109
| 1980 = 270
| 1990 = 271
| 2000 = 275
| 2010 = 181
| 2020 = 192
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 203
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 275 people, 80 households, and 58 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|126.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 97.09% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.09% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 1.82% from two or more races.  0.73% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 80 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 33.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,000, and the median income for a family was $23,125. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $12,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,926.  About 2.0% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.8% of those 65 or over.

