==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 150
|1930= 243
|1940= 248
|1950= 255
|1960= 332
|1970= 284
|1980= 505
|1990= 364
|2000= 357
|2010= 344
|2020= 327
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 361
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-37.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3708860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Bunn racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3708860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=February 18, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 186
| 56.88%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 81
| 24.77%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.92%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 20
| 6.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 35
| 10.7%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 327 people, 135 households, and 79 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 344 people, 157 households, and 97 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|688.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.2% of the population.

There were 157 households, out of which 20.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 20, 5.5% from 20 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 34.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,591, and the median income for a family was $56,875. Males had a median income of $43,485 versus $37,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,183. About 6.1% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of those under age 18 and 17.9% of those age 65 or over.

===Housing===
There were 207 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. 24.2% of housing units were vacant.

There were 157 occupied housing units in the town. 75 were owner-occupied units (47.8%), while 82 were renter-occupied (52.2%). The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.3% of total units. The rental unit vacancy rate was 21.9%.<ref name="GR2" />

