==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 279
|1940= 350
|1950= 444
|1960= 470
|1970= 507
|1980= 457
|1990= 520
|2000= 533
|2010= 530
|2020= 474
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 530 people, 185 households, and 134 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|540.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|210.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 185 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 42.7 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 24.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 533 people, 185 households, and 132 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|532.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 185 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males. The median income for a household in the village was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,181.  About 11.9% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

