==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 305
|1890= 287
|1900= 264
|1910= 368
|1920= 321
|1930= 300
|1940= 319
|1950= 285
|1960= 245
|1970= 328
|1980= 308
|1990= 261
|2000= 279
|2010= 260
|2020= 256
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 279 people, 103 households, and 73 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|936.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|366.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the village was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $25,694 for females. The per capita income for the village was $13,909. About 2.9% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.3% of those 65 or over.

