==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1980 = 154
| 1990 = 326
| 2000 = 417
| 2010 = 475
| 2020 = 449
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 417 people, 171 households, and 117 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 68.7 people per square mile (26.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 264 housing units at an average density of 43.5 per square mile (16.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.28% of the population.

There were 171 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44, and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,278, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $29,091 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,026. About 11.0% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those aged 65 or over.

