==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 276
|1940= 283
|1950= 326
|1960= 356
|1970= 363
|1980= 368
|1990= 354
|2000= 374
|2010= 420
|2020= 452
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=September 29, 2021}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 420 people, 190 households, and 113 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|736.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|354.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 190 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.5% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 43.3 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 374 people, 152 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|652.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 152 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,000, and the median income for a family was $26,500. Males had a median income of $24,792 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,120. About 19.6% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.2% of those under age 18 and 3.7% of those age 65 or over.

