==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 4
|1890= 21
|1900= 82
|1910= 145
|1920= 304
|1930= 421
|1940= 514
|1950= 612
|1960= 711
|1970= 841
|1980= 1096
|1990= 1325
|2000= 1804
|2010= 2427
|2020= 2596
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{{bar box
|title= Religion in St. Henry{{citation needed|date=December 2016}}
|titlebar=#ddd
|left1=religion
|right1=percent
|float=right
|bars=
{{bar percent|[[Catholic Church|Catholic]]|Blue|96.5}}
{{bar percent|[[Protestant]]|Red|1.8}}
{{bar percent|No Religion|Black|1.4}}
{{bar percent|"Unspecified"|Grey|.3}}
}}

According to the Census Bureau, as of 2015<ref name ="FactFinderEconomicCharacteristics">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3969540|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 21, 2017|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213110715/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3969540|archive-date=February 13, 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref> the median income for a household in the village was $80,000, and the median income for a family was $90,870. Males had a median income of $40,911 versus $27,102 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $28,932. About 0.9% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.0% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,427 people, 862 households, and 646 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1516.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 892 housing units at an average density of {{convert|557.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 862 households, of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.1% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the village was 35.2 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

