==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 910
| 1940 = 492
| 1950 = 291
| 1960 = 261
| 1970 = 245
| 1980 = 282
| 1990 = 158
| 2000 = 195
| 2010 = 164
| 2020 = 153
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 149
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 164 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 78.7% White, 16.5% Black, 0.6% from some other race and 3.0% from two or more races. 1.2% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 195 people, 71 households, and 57 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|313.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 62.56% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 36.41% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.51% from two or more races.

There were 71 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,273, and the median income for a family was $18,333. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,288. About 44.4% of families and 45.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 66.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 46.2% of those 65 or over.

