==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 198
|1910= 167
|1920= 167
|1930= 171
|1940= 183
|1950= 125
|1960= 99
|1970= 125
|1980= 131
|1990= 140
|2000= 144
|2010= 228
|2020= 436
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 144 people, 53 households, and 34 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|139.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 53 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.46.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $52,188. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $26,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,257. There were none of the families and 4.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

