==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 305
|1870= 490
|1880= 715
|1890= 934
|1900= 1080
|1910= 1053
|1920= 1136
|1930= 1162
|1940= 1406
|1950= 1511
|1960= 1310
|1970= 1575
|1980= 1511
|1990= 1438
|2000= 1395
|2010= 1318
|2020= 1278
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,318 people, 588 households, and 356 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|475.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 667 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 588 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 46.3 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,395 people, 647 households, and 368 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|488.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 714 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 647 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.0% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,571, and the median income for a family was $41,625. Males had a median income of $27,639 versus $19,653 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,322. About 7.2% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

