==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 306
|1870= 420
|1880= 444
|1890= 485
|1900= 406
|1910= 399
|1920= 368
|1930= 371
|1940= 307
|1950= 356
|1960= 408
|1970= 474
|1980= 546
|1990= 409
|2000= 416
|2010= 642
|2020= 549
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 642 people, 234 households, and 174 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|958.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.9% of the population.

There were 234 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the town was 36.2 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 416 people, 163 households, and 106 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,294.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|538.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.69% of the population.

There were 163 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,893, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $29,917 versus $28,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,240. About 8.6% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

