==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 904
|1920= 940
|1930= 936
|1940= 856
|1950= 823
|1960= 770
|1970= 856
|1980= 988
|1990= 951
|2000= 1095
|2010= 1105
|2020= 1059
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Athens_village,_Wisconsin?g=160XX00US5503550|title=Athens village, Wisconsin|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=November 6, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,105 people, 471 households, and 298 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|449.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 503 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 471 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 39.5 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,095 people, 443 households and 299 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 448.2 people per square mile (173.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 469 housing units at an average density of 192.0 per square mile (74.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.10% of the population.

There were 443 households, of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.08.

Age distribution was 26.8% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median household income was $39,286, and the median family income was $52,727. Males had a median income of $30,956 versus $22,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,076. About 1.3% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.7% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

