==Demographics==

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 159 people, 63 households, and 47 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1060.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|446.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 63 households, of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.4% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 38.5 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.3% male and 44.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 145 people, 60 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,027.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|474.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.69% from two or more races.

There were 60 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $25,750 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,513. There were 2.9% of families and 9.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.

