==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 309
|1900= 457
|1910= 929
|1920= 1014
|1930= 889
|1940= 990
|1950= 1010
|1960= 1068
|1970= 951
|1980= 1077
|1990= 970
|2000= 944
|2010= 889
|2020= 764
|estyear=2022
|estimate=762
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 19, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 889 people, 394 households, and 236 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|673.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 436 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 394 households, of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 46.7 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 26.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 944 people, 386 households, and 238 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|736.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 433 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 386 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,781, and the median income for a family was $42,375. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $19,432 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,832. About 6.8% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.

