==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 1076
|1880= 1977
|1890= 2961
|1900= 2471
|1910= 2501
|1920= 2356
|1930= 2531
|1940= 2754
|1950= 2622
|1960= 2591
|1970= 2554
|1980= 2891
|1990= 2640
|2000= 2612
|2010= 2525
|2020= 2541
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,612 people, 931 households, and 679 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|866.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,033 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

The most common ancestries in Weatherly are [[Italians|Italian]] (25.2%), [[Polish people|Polish]] (15.8%), [[Germans|German]] (12.4%), [[Irish people|Irish]] (10.9%), and [[Slovaks|Slovak]] (5.5%)

There were 931 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 86.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,219, and the median income for a family was $43,047. Males had a median income of $32,679 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,192. About 8.7% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

