==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 1536
|1870= 1543
|1880= 2058
|1890= 2404
|1900= 2471
|1910= 2971
|1920= 2586
|1930= 3133
|1940= 3475
|1950= 4375
|1960= 4293
|1970= 4331
|1980= 6067
|1990= 6046
|2000= 6845
|2010= 8216
|2020= 7473
|estyear=2021
|estimate=7202
|estref=<ref name=CensusQuickFacts /> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 8,216 people, 2,634 households, and 1,162 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,140.3 people per square mile <!-- 7.21 sq mi -->(x379.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,885 housing units at an average density of x329.3 per square mile (x127.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 72.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 2,634 households, out of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.0% were married couples living together, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.9% were non-families. 49.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.90.

The age distribution, strongly influenced by the presence of Longwood University, is: 12.9% under the age of 18, 46.1% from 18 to 24, 14.9% from 25 to 44, 14.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females there were 68.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.9 males.

<!-- next para not yet updated for 2010 numbers -->
The median income for a household in the town was $26,343, and the median income for a family was $33,000. Males had a median income of $30,974 versus $20,764 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,552. About 19.9% of families and 22.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.8% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

Since 2016 there has been an [[Amish]] community living in the Farmville area. Just three years after its founding it had already two church districts. These Amish come from the Lancaster Amish settlement in [[Pennsylvania]] and its daughter settlements and thus belong to the [[Lancaster Amish affiliation]]. In 2020 there were 195 Amish living there.<ref>[https://groups.etown.edu/amishstudies/files/2020/10/Amish_Pop_by_state_and_county_2020.pdf "Amish Population in the United States by State and County, 2020", page 11.] at groups.etown.edu/amishstudies</ref>

