==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 419
|1890= 502
|1910= 399
|1920= 404
|1930= 367
|1940= 365
|1950= 297
|1960= 255
|1970= 286
|1980= 362
|1990= 261
|2000= 351
|2010= 397
|2020= 390
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 397 people, 149 households, and 101 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|610.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 149 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the city was 36.6 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 351 people, 139 households, and 98 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,036.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 1.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,393, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $21,354 versus $21,364 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,451. About 18.2% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.4% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

