==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 478
|1930= 452
|1940= 499
|1950= 234
|1960= 378
|1970= 438
|1980= 428
|1990= 351
|2000= 343
|2010= 382
|2020= 345
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 343 people, 165 households, and 103 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|186.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.17% of the population.

There were 165 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.6% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 35.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,250, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $15,521 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,642. About 8.7% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

