==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 112
|1910= 186
|1920= 219
|1930= 138
|1940= 184
|1950= 136
|1960= 161
|1970= 140
|1980= 133
|1990= 98
|2000= 89
|2010= 117
|2020= 94
|estyear=2021
|estimate=95
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 89 people, 38 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|96.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 38 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $52,917. Males had a median income of $32,188 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,295. There were 16.7% of families and 14.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 45.5% of those over 64.

