==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 548
|1970= 640
|1980= 1182
|1990= 1218
|2000= 1056
|2010= 984
|2020= 916
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 984 people, 389 households, and 259 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|215.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 429 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.15% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.73% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.37% of the population.

There were 389 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.4% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the city was 41.9 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,056 people, 408 households, and 290 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|257.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 442 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.28% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.27% of the population.

There were 408 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,750, and the median income for a family was $35,132. Males had a median income of $28,611 versus $18,487 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,409. About 16.3% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 29.2% of those age 65 or over.

