==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|384
|1910|436
|1920|472
|1930|409
|1940|457
|1950|443
|1960|459
|1970|385
|1980|330
|1990|281
|2000|255
|2010|255
|2020|267
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 267 people, 121 households, and 75 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 366.5 inhabitants per square mile (141.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 148 housing units at an average density of 203.1 per square mile (78.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 89.9% [[White Americans|White]], 0.7% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3.0% from other races and 6.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 8.6% of the population.

Of the 121 households, 21.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% were cohabitating couples, 20.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 22.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.0% of all households were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 48.8 years. 24.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 and 44; 32.2% were from 45 and 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 255 people, 119 households, and 71 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1342.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|715.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 119 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 48.4 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 255 people, 118 households, and 71 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,334.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|738.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.53% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $43,500. Males had a median income of $30,357 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,572. About 14.7% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.1% of those 65 or over.

