==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 178
|1940= 161
|1950= 145
|1960= 134
|1970= 145
|1980= 89
|1990= 66
|2000= 64
|2010= 49
|2020= 35
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 49 people, 22 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|163.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White American|White]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 0.0% of the population.<ref name=Census>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = 2011-08-05}}</ref>

There were 22 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% had a male householder with no wife present, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23, and the average family size was 2.92.<ref name=Census/>

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80 males age 18 and over.<ref name=Census/>

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $49,167. Males had a median income of $19,167 versus $40,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,216. There were 7.1% of families and 4.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 64 people, 28 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|251.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.56% of the population.

There were 28 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

