==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 131
|1990= 189
|2000= 477
|2010= 180
|2020= 257
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 477 people, 146 households, and 116 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|275.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 79.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 13.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 43.82% of the population.

There were 146 households, out of which 48.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.9% were non-families. 9.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.27 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 13.6% from 18 to 24, 36.9% from 25 to 44, 13.0% from 45 to 64, and 4.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 129.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,750, and the median income for a family was $31,442. Males had a median income of $20,938 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,256.  About 12.6% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

