==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 423
|2020= 425
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 425 people, 175 households, and 117 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 255.9 inhabitants per square mile (98.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 188 housing units at an average density of 113.2 per square mile (43.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 94.1% [[White Americans|White]], 1.6% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.5% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from other races and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.9% of the population.

Of the 175 households, 16.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% were cohabitating couples, 26.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.1% of all households were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 41.3 years. 26.4% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 and 44; 21.9% were from 45 and 64; and 24.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

