==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 1419
|1920= 1418
|1930= 2130
|1940= 2142
|1950= 2724
|1960= 2131
|1970= 1867
|1980= 1607
|1990= 3572
|2000= 4317
|2010= 2941
|2020= 3344}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,317 people, 2,068 households, and 1,244 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 448.2 people per square mile (173.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 3,970 housing units at an average density of 412.2 per square mile (159.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 2,068 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,514, and the median income for a family was $33,425. Males had a median income of $27,075 versus $20,859 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,367. About 9.7% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.9% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

