==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 306
|1910= 749
|1920= 803
|1930= 821
|1940= 803
|1950= 943
|1960= 992
|1970= 888
|1980= 843
|1990= 680
|2000= 637
|2010= 563
|2020= 585
|estyear=2022
|estimate=576
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

Edgeley offers modern recreational facilities, an excellent school system and a full service business district.  Edgeley Public School educates preschool thru 12th grade students. It enrolls between 200 and 300 kids yearly.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 563 people, 262 households, and 161 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|750.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 313 housing units at an average density of {{convert|417.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 262 households, of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.5% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 51.3 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 637 people, 293 households, and 162 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|870.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|458.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 293 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 43.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 30.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,000, and the median income for a family was $37,375. Males had a median income of $30,735 versus $17,115 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,570. About 1.8% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

