==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 348
|1920= 401
|1930= 282
|1940= 254
|1950= 215
|1960= 205
|1970= 137
|1980= 156
|1990= 130
|2000= 113
|2010= 111
|2020= 108
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 108 people, 45 households, and 31 families in Chautauqua.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Chautauqua%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 254.7 per square mile (98.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 55 housing units at an average density of 129.7 per square mile (50.1/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Chautauqua%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 77.78% (84) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (77.78% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 1.85% (2) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 2.78% (3) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 1.85% (2) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 15.74% (17) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Chautauqua%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 4.63% (5) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Chautauqua%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 45 households, 24.4% had children under the age of 18; 46.7% were married couples living together; 35.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 24.4% of households consisted of individuals and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 2.6.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Chautauqua%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 7.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Chautauqua%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

28.7% of the population was under the age of 18, 0.9% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 120.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $32,500 (with a margin of error of +/- $13,024) and the median family income was $50,833 (+/- $34,712).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Chautauqua%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 111 people, 52 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|258.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 8.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 52 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 48.2 years. 16.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 113 people, 53 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|265.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.54% from two or more races.

There were 53 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.4% were non-families. 43.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,500, and the median income for a family was $19,583. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $15,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,781. There were 27.3% of families and 38.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 65.7% of under eighteens and 13.8% of those over 64.

