==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 196
|1910= 190
|1920= 246
|1930= 196
|1940= 224
|1950= 275
|1960= 305
|1970= 369
|1980= 299
|1990= 363
|2000= 434
|2010= 689
|2020= 744
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{{coord|44|36|37|N|93|00|08|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 689 people, 245 households, and 175 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|510.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 245 households, of which 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the city was 30.6 years. 29.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.1% were from 25 to 44; 20.4% were from 45 to 64; and 5.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 434 people, 156 households, and 109 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|323.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 156 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.36.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 35.9% from 25 to 44, 13.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $53,438, and the median income for a family was $56,528. Males had a median income of $41,786 versus $26,172 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,121.  About 3.2% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

