==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 243
|1980= 130
|1990= 132
|2000= 151
|2010= 105
|2020= 78
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 105 people, 50 households, and 31 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1050.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|990.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.39.

The median age in the town was 57.6 years. 15.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.4% were from 25 to 44; 37.1% were from 45 to 64; and 31.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 151 people, 70 households, and 45 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,447.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|776.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.31% of the population.

There were 70 households, out of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,604, and the median income for a family was $22,917. Males had a median income of $38,333 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,355. There were 16.9% of families and 24.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 54.3% of under eighteens and 6.5% of those over 64.

