==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1960 = 253
| 1970 = 185
| 1980 = 154
| 1990 = 108
| 2000 = 106
| 2010 = 91
| 2020 = 83
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 91 people in 53 households, including 27 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|1300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|914.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 100.0% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.1%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref>

Of the 53 households, 7.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present and 49.1% were non-families. 41.5% of households were one person and 13.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.26.

The median age was 60.5 years. 5.5% of residents were under the age of 18, 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 5.5% were from 25 to 44, 52.8% were from 45 to 64 and 33% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 106 people in 59 households, including 31 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,623.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,118.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 97.17% White, 0.94% Native American and 1.89% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.89%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 59 households, 6.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were married couples living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present and 45.8% were non-families. 39.0% of households were one person and 11.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.31.

The age distribution was 12.3% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 11.3% from 25 to 44, 46.2% from 45 to 64 and 26.4% 65 or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.3 males.

The median household income was $18,558 and the median family income was $21,042. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $25,000 for females. The per capita income for the city was $10,819. There were 10.8% of families and 21.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

