==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 128
|1890= 173
|1900= 141
|1910= 142
|1920= 164
|1930= 177
|1940= 152
|1950= 121
|1960= 111
|1970= 140
|1980= 112
|1990= 101
|2000= 98
|2010= 94
|2020= 83
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 94 people, 35 households, and 26 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|522.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 100.0% White.

Of the 35 households 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.7% were married couples living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.7% were non-families. 22.9% of households were one person and 8.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 98 people, 40 households, and 32 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|568.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 96.94% White, 1.02% Asian, and 2.04% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 40 households 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were married couples living together, 2.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 17.5% of households were one person and 2.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.72.

The age distribution was 26.5% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median household income was $48,125, and the median family income  was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,250 for females. The per capita income for the village was $16,179. There were no families and 4.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

