==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 76
| 1890 = 337
| 1900 = 166
| 1910 = 222
| 1920 = 320
| 1930 = 233
| 1940 = 180
| 1950 = 150
| 2000 = 230
| 2010 = 324
| 2020 = 623
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 230 people, 69 households, and 60 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|10.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.74% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 52.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.0% were non-families. 11.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.33 and the average family size was 3.62.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.7% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $61,250, and the median income for a family was $66,250. Males had a median income of $51,964 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,850. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

