==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1318
|1930= 211
|1940= 151
|1970= 220
|1980= 240
|1990= 248
|2000= 211
|2010= 211
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 211 people, 76 households and 56 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|116.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 76 households, of which 40.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.36.

Age distribution 30.8% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $22,917, and the median family income was $30,833. Males had a median income of $28,906 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,420. About 26.0% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.9% of those 65 or over.

