==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 228
|1980= 93
|1990= 109
|2000= 70
|2010= 114
|2020= 93
|estyear=2023
|estimate=91
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 114 people, 41 households, and 27 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1140.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|440.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 78.1% White, 10.5% African American, 1.8% Asian, 0.9% Pacific Islander, 0.9% from other races, and 7.9% from two or more races.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref>
Of the 41 households 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were married couples living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 26.8% of households were one person and 7.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 31.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 70 people, 25 households, and 17 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|909.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|350.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 97.14% White, 1.43% Native American, and 1.43% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2" />
Of the 25 households 48.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were married couples living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.0% of households were one person and 8.0% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.59.

The age distribution was 32.9% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% 65 or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.8 males.

The median household income was $34,375 and the median family income  was $34,375. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $41,250 for females. The per capita income for the village was $18,651. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

