==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 284
|1940= 309
|1950= 339
|1960= 371
|1970= 346
|1980= 348
|1990= 360
|2000= 317
|2010= 394
|2020= 411
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 394 people, 164 households, and 102 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|788.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|364.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 164 households, of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 32.4 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.7% were from 25 to 44; 20.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

