==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 250
|1920= 323
|1930= 539
|1940= 684
|1950= 712
|1960= 473
|1970= 745
|1980= 789
|1990= 728
|2000= 807
|2010= 1027
|2020= 1080
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web| url=https://www.census.gov| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Yemassee town, South Carolina| publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]| access-date=November 24, 2011}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Yemassee racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4579450&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|385
|35.65%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|630
|58.33%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|5
|0.46%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.09%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|38
|3.52%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|21
|1.94%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,080 people, 390 households, and 230 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 807 people, 323 households, and 208 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|179.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 55.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 43.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 323 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were married couples living together, 24.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,868, and the median income for a family was $31,429. Males had a median income of $31,944 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,186. About 22.2% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 20.3% of those age 65 or over.

