==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 375
| 1940 = 330
| 1950 = 287
| 1960 = 219
| 1970 = 214
| 1980 = 244
| 1990 = 202
| 2000 = 152
| 2010 = 107
| 2020 = 60
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Lakeview, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Lakeview%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 12, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 152 people, 51 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|730.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|355.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 45.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 43.42% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 55.26% of the population.

There were 51 households, out of which 45.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.70.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 39.5% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age wes 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,138. About 31.4% of families and 31.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 49.1% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 and older.

