==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1803
|1990= 2458
|2000= 2440
|2010= 2078
|2020= 1510
|align-fn=center
|footnote=source:<ref>Moffatt, Riley.  ''Population History of Western U.S. Cities & Towns, 1850–1990''. [[Lanham, Maryland|Lanham]]: Scarecrow, 1996, 179.</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 2,078 people, 711 households, and 465 families in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|357.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 783 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 2.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 95.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 711 households, of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.54.

The median age in the city was 27.8 years. 35.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 21.2% were from 45 to 64; and 8.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,440 people, 806 households, and 561 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|417.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 856 housing units at an average density of 146.3/sq mi (56.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 95.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 806 households, out of which 46.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.54.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.6% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 6.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $12,880, and the median income for a family was $15,000. Males had a median income of $23,047 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,432. About 49.6% of families and 53.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 65.3% of those under age 18 and 30.6% of those age 65 or over.

