==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 2545
|1960= 2597
|1970= 2196
|2000= 2010
|2010= 1834
|2020= 1759
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref>[https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/00496492v1p40s1ch2.pdf] [https://usa.ipums.org/usa/resources/voliii/pubdocs/1960/Population/Vol1/17216604v1p40ch03.pdf] [https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1950/population-volume-1/vol-01-41.pdf]</ref>}}

As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 2,010 people, 866 households, and 5690 families residing in Trevorton. The population density was {{convert|470.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 931 housing units at an average density of {{convert|217.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 866 households, out of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

The population of Trevorton was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,013, and the median income for a family was $38,143. Males had a median income of $30,236 versus $18,207 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,781. About 6.0% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

