==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 355
|1900= 250
|1910= 185
|1920= 155
|1930= 136
|1980= 378
|1990= 329
|2000= 795
|2010= 547
|2020= 433
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Mayersville Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2846000&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 9, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|34
|7.85%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|292
|67.44%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.23%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.23%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|2
|0.46%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|103
|23.79%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 433 people, 155 households, and 66 families residing in the town.

===2013 ACS===
As of the 2013 [[American Community Survey]], there were 652 people living in the town, a decline since 2000. The remaining population is increasingly African American. 90.2% were [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.2% from some other race. 0.2% were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 795 people, 190 households, and 126 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|710.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 212 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 11.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.13% [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]].

There were 190 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.53.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 16.0% from 18 to 24, 36.9% from 25 to 44, 13.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 165.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 228.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $10,962, and the median income for a family was $15,208. Males had a median income of $20,917 versus $15,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,287. About 41.6% of families and 49.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 62.6% of those under age 18 and 51.4% of those age 65 or over.

