==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 41
|1900= 394
|1910= 534
|1920= 332
|1930= 320
|1940= 282
|1950= 276
|1960= 264
|1970= 226
|1980= 221
|1990= 214
|2000= 185
|2010= 210
|2020= 182
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-date=May 22, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 185 people, 81 households, and 57 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|415.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.76% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.54% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.70% from two or more races.

There were 81 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 14.1% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,521, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $16,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,551. About 8.3% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

