==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 636
|1910= 1540
|1920= 1919
|1930= 1839
|1940= 1593
|1950= 1504
|1960= 1596
|1970= 1343
|1980= 1151
|1990= 997
|2000= 947
|2010= 886
|2020= 881
|estyear=2024
|estimate=851
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=June 23, 2025 }}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+<big>Enderlin, North Dakota – racial and ethnic composition</big><ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web |title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Enderlin city, North Dakota |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3824260&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=June 23, 2025 }}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percent
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|803
|91.15%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|11
|1.25%
|-
|Native American or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|3
|0.34%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|2
|0.23%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Some Other Race]] (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|24
|2.72%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|38
|4.31%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''881'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 881 people, 374 households, and 192 families residing in the city.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Enderlin%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=June 23, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau }}</ref> The population density was {{convert|540.16|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 431 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.26|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.02% from some other races and 4.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 4.31% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=How many people live in Enderlin city, North Dakota |work=USA Today |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/enderlin-city-north-dakota/160-3824260/ |access-date=June 23, 2025 }}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 886 people, 386 households, and 225 families residing in the city.<ref name=":0" /> The population density was {{convert|615.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 454 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 2.37% of the population.

There were 386 households 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were married couples living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 38.3% of households were one person and 19.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age was 48.5 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 947 people, 406 households, and 233 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|670.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 481 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.95% from some other races and 2.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 2.32% of the population.

There were 406 households 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were married couples living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 37.9% of households were one person and 20.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.96.

The age distribution was 22.8% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 25.7% 65 or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median household income was $32,589 and the median family income was $41,250. Males had a median income of $36,042 versus $21,023 for females. The per capita income for the city was $20,883. About 4.7% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

