==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 59
|1870= 55
|1880= 608
|1890= 790
|1900= 728
|1910= 611
|1920= 884
|1930= 839
|1940= 761
|1950= 720
|1960= 622
|1970= 614
|1980= 651
|1990= 570
|2000= 505
|2010= 524
|2020= 559
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 524 people, 230 households, and 145 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|935.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 308 housing units at an average density of {{convert|550.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 230 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 38.4 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[Census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 505 people, 211 households, and 140 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|895.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 258 housing units at an average density of {{convert|457.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,265, and the median income for a family was $30,556. Males had a median income of $38,438 versus $28,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,447. About 22.2% of families and 27.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.1% of those under age 18 and 40.2% of those age 65 or over.

