==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 6
|1950= 98
|1960= 234
|1970= 332
|1980= 435
|1990= 446
|2000= 538
|2010= 425
|2020= 369
|estyear=2023
|estimate=373
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 425 people, 179 households, and 116 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3863.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2054.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 179 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 39.5 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 538 people, 199 households, and 147 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|4,730.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 241 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,119.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 108.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $46,750, and the median income for a family was $52,891. Males had a median income of $36,964 versus $22,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,937. None of the families and 1.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 3.0% of those over 64.
{{Weather box
|location = Gloria Glens Park, Ohio
|single line = Yes
|Jan high C = 1
|Feb high C = 2
|Mar high C = 8
|Apr high C = 15
|May high C = 21
|Jun high C = 26
|Jul high C = 28
|Aug high C = 27
|Sep high C = 24
|Oct high C = 17
|Nov high C = 9
|Dec high C = 3
|Jan high F = 33
|Feb high F = 35
|Mar high F = 46
|Apr high F = 59
|May high F = 69
|Jun high F = 78
|Jul high F = 82
|Aug high F = 80
|Sep high F = 75
|Oct high F = 62
|Nov high F = 48
|Dec high F = 37
|year high C = 15
|year high F = 59
|Jan low C = -7
|Feb low C = -7
|Mar low C = 3
|Apr low C = -4
|May low C = 7
|Jun low C = 12
|Jul low C = 15
|Aug low C = 14
|Sep low C = 10
|Oct low C = 5
|Nov low C = 0
|Dec low C = -5
|Jan low F = 19
|Feb low F = 19
|Mar low F = 38
|Apr low F = 25
|May low F = 44
|Jun low F = 53
|Jul low F = 59
|Aug low F = 57
|Sep low F = 50
|Oct low F = 41
|Nov low F = 32
|Dec low F = 23
|year low C = 3
|year low F = 37
|Jan precipitation mm = 66
|Feb precipitation mm = 79
|Mar precipitation mm = 51
|Apr precipitation mm = 86
|May precipitation mm = 91
|Jun precipitation mm = 97
|Jul precipitation mm = 99
|Aug precipitation mm = 81
|Sep precipitation mm = 81
|Oct precipitation mm = 89
|Nov precipitation mm = 74
|Dec precipitation mm = 66
|Jan precipitation inch = 2.6
|Feb precipitation inch = 2.1
|Mar precipitation inch = 3.0
|Apr precipitation inch = 3.4
|May precipitation inch = 3.6
|Jun precipitation inch = 3.8
|Jul precipitation inch = 3.9
|Aug precipitation inch = 3.2
|Sep precipitation inch = 3.2
|Oct precipitation inch = 2.5
|Nov precipitation inch = 2.9
|Dec precipitation inch = 2.6
|year precipitation mm = 937
|year precipitation inch = 36.9
|source 1 = Weatherbase<ref>{{cite web | url=http://www.weatherbase.com/weather/weather.php3?refer=&s=725242 | title=Gloria Glens Park, Ohio | work=Weatherbase | accessdate=January 17, 2008}}</ref>
|date=August 2010
}}

