==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 387
|1920= 319
|1930= 271
|1940= 305
|1950= 267
|1960= 206
|1970= 156
|1980= 148
|1990= 124
|2000= 94
|2010= 71
|2020= 67
|estyear=2022
|estimate=68
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 14, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 14, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 71 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|186.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 16.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 31% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 94 people, 43 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|252.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|136.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 43 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,779. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

