==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 426
| 1900 = 230
| 1910 = 187
| 1930 = 116
| 1940 = 146
| 1950 = 17
| 1960 = 12
| 1970 = 14
| 1980 = 20
| 1990 = 14
| 2000 = 60
| 2010 = 53
| 2020 = 48
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 53 people, 25 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|52.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 55.3 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 41.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.5% male and 41.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 60 people, 30 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|59.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, out of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.7% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 25 to 44, 50.0% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $53,750 versus $30,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,298. There were no families and 11.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

===Population history===
*1864 - 2,500 <ref>[http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0130.pdf 1864 territorial census] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120216051836/http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0130.pdf |date=2012-02-16 }}, Idaho Territory via Idaho State Historical Society, 1864.  Accessed 2009-04-23.</ref>
*1863 - 3,254 <ref>[http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0129.pdf 1863 territorial census] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120216051841/http://www.idahohistory.net/Reference%20Series/0129.pdf |date=2012-02-16 }}, Idaho Territory via Idaho State Historical Society, 1863.  Accessed 2009-04-23.</ref>

