==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 227
| 1980 = 149
| 1990 = 145
| 2000 = 115
| 2010 = 241
| 2020 = 257
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 253
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Perla racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0554620&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 122
| 47.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 108
| 42.02%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.39%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 17
| 6.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 9
| 3.5%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 257 people, 98 households, and 48 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 115 people, 56 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 69.4/km{{sup|2}} (180.0/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 67 housing units at an average density of 40.4/km{{sup|2}} (104.9/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 36.52% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 63.48% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 56 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.4% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 14.8% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,545, and the median income for a family was $25,625. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,676. There were 20.0% of families and 22.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and 32.0% of those over 64.

