==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 187
|1870= 433
|1880= 486
|1890= 474
|1900= 439
|1910= 358
|1920= 284
|1930= 342
|1940= 318
|1950= 340
|1960= 399
|1970= 434
|1980= 379
|1990= 391
|2000= 376
|2010= 362
|2020= 317
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 362 people, 132 households, and 98 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1064.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 132 households, of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.8% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the town was 36.5 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 376 people, 137 households, and 103 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,131.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,000, and the median income for a family was $54,375. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $22,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,372. About 9.1% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

