==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 132
|1960= 153
|1970= 149
|1980= 135
|1990= 92
|2000= 78
|2010= 99
|2020= 86
|estyear=2021
|estimate=86
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2021.html|date=June 13, 2022|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 13, 2022}}</ref> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 99 people, 40 households, and 25 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1414.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|628.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.4% were from 25 to 44; 21.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 78 people, 35 households, and 21 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,263.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|631.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. The ancestry make up was 40.8% [[German Americans|German]], 11.8% [[American ethnicity|American]], 11.8% [[Swedish Americans|Swedish]], 3.9% [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 2.6% [[Swiss Americans|Swiss]], and 2.6% of other ancestries.

There were 35 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,813, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $36,667 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,371. There were 9.5% of families and 6.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

