==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 222
|1920= 255
|1930= 265
|1940= 287
|1950= 321
|1960= 381
|1970= 236
|1980= 219
|1990= 185
|2000= 150
|2010= 153
|2020= 104
|estyear=2022
|estimate=105
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 23, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 153 people, 79 households, and 39 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|81.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 79 households, of which 17.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.6% were non-families. 43.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 50.8 years. 15% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.4% were from 25 to 44; 37.3% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 150 people, 82 households, and 45 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|79.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 82 households, out of which 17.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.1% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.44.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.0% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,705, and the median income for a family was $27,917. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,972. There were 3.6% of families and 13.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 29.4% of those over 64.

