==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 320
|1920= 252
|1930= 231
|1940= 261
|1950= 272
|1960= 257
|1970= 193
|1980= 157
|1990= 129
|2000= 92
|2010= 68
|2020= 70
|estyear=2022
|estimate=67
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 68 people, 40 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|272.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|336.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 40 households, of which 7.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 57.5% were non-families. 55.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 60.3 years. 10.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 36.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.9% male and 44.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 92 people, 50 households, and 25 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|366.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], as now the town had one black resident, one more than as of the prior census.

There were 50 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 48.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.3% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 32.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $29,688. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $15,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,826. There were 7.4% of families and 13.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 23.1% of those over 64.

