==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 506
|1920= 264
|1930= 252
|1940= 319
|1950= 316
|1960= 994
|1970= 324
|1980= 286
|1990= 219
|2000= 282
|2010= 283
|2020= 273
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 283 people, 100 households, and 69 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1286.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|568.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|Non-Hispanic White]] and 1.1% from two or more races.
There were 100 households, of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.36.

The median age in the town was 35.5 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 12% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 282 people, 98 households, and 70 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,266.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|476.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.71% from two or more races.

There were 98 households, out of which 40.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.8% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 13.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $40,556. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,154. About 13.2% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.7% of those 65 or over.

