==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 434
|1870= 942
|1880= 1455
|1890= 1965
|1900= 2003
|1910= 1966
|1920= 1824
|1930= 2009
|1940= 2163
|1950= 2281
|1960= 2172
|1970= 2195
|1980= 2313
|1990= 2223
|2000= 2043
|2010= 2023
|2020= 1839
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, 2,023 people, 818 households, and 527 families resided in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1580.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,032 housing units at an average density of {{convert|806.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 818 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.05.

The village's median age was 38.1 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The village's gender makeup was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, 2,043 people, 882 households, and 555 families resided in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,894.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,027 housing units at an average density of 952.4/mi<sup>2</sup> (367.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.05% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.62% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 882 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The village's median household income was $23,140, and the median income for a family was $28,641. Males had a median income of $29,539 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,535. About 19.1% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.7% of those under the age of 18 and 23.3% of those 65 and older.

