==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 227
|1920= 393
|1930= 434
|1940= 648
|1950= 516
|1960= 489
|1970= 436
|1980= 437
|1990= 443
|2000= 396
|2010= 369
|2020= 349
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2010CensusDP1">{{cite web|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 - 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1)|url=https://www.census.gov|accessdate=April 21, 2017}}</ref> of 2010, there were 369 people, 167 households, and 97 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|971.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|515.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.0% of the population.

There were 167 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 46.4 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 24.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 396 people, 184 households, and 114 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,025.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 184 households, out of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,286, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,649.  About 7.3% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

