==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 734
|2010= 746
|2020= 587
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 96.4%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 3.6%
|}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 734 people, 168 households, and 141 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|73.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|23.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 0.5% from two or more races.  0.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 168 households, out of which 56.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were married couples living together, 24.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.5% were non-families. 14.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.4 and the average family size was 4.9.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 44.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,844, and the median income for a family was $21,944. Males had a median income of $27,143 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,445.  About 37.0% of families and 40.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.9% of those under age 18 and 28.9% of those age 65 or over.

