==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 366
|1980= 487
|1990= 451
|2000= 407
|2010= 480
|2020= 417
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 480 people, 171 households, and 119 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|265.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 171 households, of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the town was 32.5 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 407 people, 148 households, and 107 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|226.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.47% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $33,438. Males had a median income of $29,219 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,357. About 14.5% of families and 22.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.0% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

