==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 412
| 1940 = 366
| 1950 = 296
| 1960 = 298
| 1970 = 333
| 1980 = 313
| 1990 = 319
| 2000 = 318
| 2010 = 337
| 2020 = 295
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Trent racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4873580&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|240
|81.36%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|2
|0.68%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|2
|0.68%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|3
|1.02%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|14
|4.75%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|34
|11.53%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''295'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 295 people, 78 households, and 48 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000,  318 people, 130 households, and 86 families resided in the town. The population density was {{convert|775.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 150 housing units averaged 365.9 per square mile (141.3/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the town was 91.82% White, 2.83% African American, 1.57% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 2.52% from other races, and 0.94% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 10.06% of the population.

Of the 130 households, 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were not families. About 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was distributed as  25.5% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,156, and for a family was $41,591. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,878. About 7.4% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

