==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 327
|1920= 300
|1930= 325
|1940= 330
|1950= 430
|1960= 534
|1970= 233
|1980= 202
|1990= 201
|2000= 183
|2010= 197
|2020= 166
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 183 people, 76 households, and 50 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|227.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 27.32% of the population.

There were 76 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 19.1% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,917, and the median income for a family was $25,250. Males had a median income of $21,607 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,328. About 15.6% of families and 22.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.7% of those 65 or over.{{clear left}}

