==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 75
| 1920 = 215
| 1930 = 256
| 1940 = 256
| 1950 = 232
| 1960 = 218
| 1970 = 176
| 1980 = 197
| 1990 = 173
| 2000 = 186
| 2010 = 225
| 2020 = 215
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 225 people, 92 households and 51 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|725.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the village was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.6% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.6% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age was 33.5 years. 33.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 20.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the village was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 186 people, 80 households and 50 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|583.9|/sqmi}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.8|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 1.61% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 80 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.00.

22.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $37,813 and the median family income was $39,583. Males had a median income of $26,500 and females $18,214. The [[per capita income]] was $15,141. None of the families and 1.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.0% of those over 64.

