==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 195
|2020= 254
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Ruth first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Ruth had a population of 254. The population density was {{convert|6.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Ruth was 211 (83.1%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 10 (3.9%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 5 (2.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 13 (5.1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 15 (5.9%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 8 persons (3.1%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Ruth CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0663386 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The census reported that 249 people (98.0% of the population) lived in households, 5 (2.0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 116 households, out of which 25 (21.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 46 (39.7%) were married-couple households, 11 (9.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 26 (22.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 33 (28.4%) had a male householder with no partner present. 35 households (30.2%) were one person, and 15 (12.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.15.<ref name=DP1/> There were 68 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (58.6% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Ruth CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0663386 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 52 people (20.5%) under the age of 18, 8 people (3.1%) aged 18 to 24, 35 people (13.8%) aged 25 to 44, 58 people (22.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 101 people (39.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 61.5{{nbsp}}years.  For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 281 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 116 (41.3%) were occupied. Of these, 98 (84.5%) were owner-occupied, and 18 (15.5%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

