==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 237
|1900= 329
|1910= 358
|1920= 440
|1930= 368
|1940= 354
|1950= 401
|1960= 376
|1970= 408
|1980= 428
|1990= 337
|2000= 389
|2010= 388
|2020= 321
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 388 people, 150 households, and 107 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|395.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 150 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.7% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 38.2 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 389 people, 154 households, and 103 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|406.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 91.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.20% of the population.

There were 154 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $34,444. Males had a median income of $26,354 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,165.  About 11.7% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

