==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 321
|1930= 341
|1940= 252
|1950= 225
|1960= 266
|1970= 211
|1980= 187
|1990= 119
|2000= 162
|2010= 124
|2020= 115
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 19, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130602094321/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=June 2, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 60 households, and 39 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|539.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the village was 54.5 years. 12.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.6% were from 25 to 44; 39.6% were from 45 to 64; and 29.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 162 people, 70 households, and 44 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|769.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|408.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.62% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.79% of the population.

There were 70 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $26,750, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $16,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,024. About 8.5% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 12.8% of those 65 or over.

