==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 201
| 2010 = 311
| 2020 = 372
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 201 people, 88 households, and 60 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 70.1 people per square mile (27.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 330 housing units at an average density of 115.0/sq&nbsp;mi (44.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 4.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 37.3% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $81,883, and the median income for a family was $89,532. Males had a median income of $50,417 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $54,316. None of the families and 1.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

