==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 120
|1930= 141
|1940= 127
|1950= 78
|1960= 79
|1970= 80
|1980= 117
|1990= 88
|2000= 119
|2010= 113
|2020= 94
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 119 people, 40 households, and 37 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|455.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 36.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 52.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.84% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 40 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 7.5% were non-families. 7.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,083, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $22,917 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,396. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].{{clear left}}

