==Demographics==
{{US Census population|align=left
|1920= 201
|1930= 241
|1940= 115
|1950= 141
|1960= 135
|1970= 113
|1980= 137
|1990= 103
|2000= 94
|2010= 63
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 23 households, and 15 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|252.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 6.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 23 households, of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 13.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the village was 40.5 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 94 people, 39 households, and 26 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|378.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 39 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 14.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $22,250 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,261. There were 26.7% of families and 28.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 43.5% of under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

