==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1090
|1920= 2036
|1930= 3595
|1940= 3010
|1950= 2915
|1960= 2456
|1970= 2161
|1980= 2418
|1990= 1994
|2000= 1839
|2010= 1754
|2020= 1432
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,839 people, 790 households, and 515 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 797.3 people per square mile (307.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 891 housing units at an average density of 386.3 per square mile (148.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 790 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[married couples]] living together, 17.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,405, and the median income for a family was $25,221. Males had a median income of $26,842 versus $18,864 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,782. About 28.0% of families and 29.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.0% of those under age 18 and 16.2% of those age 65 or over.

