==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 349
|1970= 391
|1980= 407
|1990= 357
|2000= 395
|2010= 387
|2020= 387
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 395 people, 160 households, and 99 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,253.7 people per square mile (476.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 175 housing units at an average density of 555.4 per square mile (211.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 81.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 10.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.18% of the population.

There were 160 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.94.

The age distribution was 21.8% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,337. About 15.4% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.3% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

