==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 367
|1900= 489
|1910= 715
|1920= 780
|1930= 714
|1940= 609
|1950= 666
|1960= 607
|1970= 578
|1980= 639
|1990= 593
|2000= 542
|2010= 641
|2020= 599
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

In May 2003, facing a declining population, Marquette was the first of at least ten other Kansas cities, including [[Ellsworth, Kansas|Ellsworth]], [[Kanopolis, Kansas|Kanopolis]], [[Holyrood, Kansas|Holyrood]] and [[Wilson, Kansas|Wilson]], who offer free land to attract residents. Fifty acres (200,000 m<sup>2</sup>) of what used to be farmland were developed, furnished with gravel streets, water, electric, sewer and gas hookups. In less than one year, twenty-one of the ⅓ acre (1,300 m<sup>2</sup>) lots created for this purpose were claimed. The program requires the landowners to build a house on the lot within a year, and live in that house for a year.{{citation needed|date=March 2011}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 599 people, 274 households, and 161 families in Marquette.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 1,242.7 per square mile (479.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 310 housing units at an average density of 643.2 per square mile (248.3/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 94.99% (569) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (92.65% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.17% (1) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.17% (1) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.67% (4) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.01% (24) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 3.84% (23) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 274 households, 24.8% had children under the age of 18; 42.7% were married couples living together; 33.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 39.1% of households consisted of individuals and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.9 and the average family size was 2.3.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 15.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

19.7% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 27.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.8 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 123.7 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $49,643 (with a margin of error of +/- $5,009) and the median family income was $50,833 (+/- $7,027).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $40,938 (+/- $15,882) versus $26,333 (+/- $5,321) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $29,153 (+/- $2,788).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 11.2% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.5% of those under the age of 18 and 2.2% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Marquette%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 641 people, 272 households, and 162 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1456.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|706.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 272 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 45.4 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[United States Census, 2000|census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 542 people, 243 households, and 157 families residing in the city, a decline from the total [[United States Census, 1990|1990]] population of 593. The population density was {{convert|1,503.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|751.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.34% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. 0.18% of the population were [[Ethnicity (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-3-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 2000 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref><ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 1990 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref>

There were 243 [[household]]s, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $35,938, and the median income for a family was $44,531. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $20,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,965. 5.6% of the population and 3.8% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total population, none of those under the age of 18 and 8.7% of those 65 and older were living below the [[poverty]] line.

