==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 262
|1910= 286
|1920= 278
|1930= 295
|1940= 305
|1950= 285
|1960= 341
|1970= 317
|1980= 330
|1990= 336
|2000= 464
|2010= 449
|2020= 442
|estyear=2023
|estimate=436
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 449 people, 182 households, and 109 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1151.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|566.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 182 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the village was 31.8 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 21.4% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 464 people, 195 households, and 124 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,187.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|578.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.22% of the population.

There were 195 households, of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,632, and the median income for a family was $23,571. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,815. About 25.7% of families and 28.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.4% of those under age 18 and 3.0% of those age 65 or over.

