==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 640
|1920= 468
|1930= 655
|1940= 989
|1950= 1212
|1960= 1321
|1970= 1789
|1980= 1465
|1990= 1487
|2000= 1158
|2010= 1081
|2020= 976
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Prentiss racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2859920&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=Data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|468
|47.95%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|479
|49.08%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.2%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|15
|1.54%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|12
|1.23%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 976 people, 429 households, and 289 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,081 people living in the town. 60.3% were [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 37.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from some other race and 0.9% [[Multiracial American|of two or more races]]. 0.6% were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,158 people, 479 households, and 323 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|617.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 537 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.47% of the population.

There were 479 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 23.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,200, and the median income for a family was $38,571. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $21,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,486. About 17.2% of families and 22.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.6% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

