==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 65
|1950= 151
|1960= 147
|1970= 271
|1980= 301
|1990= 272
|2000= 244
|2010= 339
|2020= 354
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 339 people, 169 households, and 115 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|326.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 614 housing units at an average density of {{convert|590.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 169 households, of which 9.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the town was 58.9 years. 9.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.7% were from 25 to 44; 38.6% were from 45 to 64; and 36.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 244 people, 113 households, and 87 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|233.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 506 housing units at an average density of {{convert|484.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.82% from two or more races.

There were 113 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 37.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $49,250, and the median income for a family was $50,096. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $27,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,092. About 4.2% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 6.9% of those 65 or over.

