==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 882
|2010= 877
|2020= 860
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 882 people, 336&nbsp;households, and 276&nbsp;families in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,048.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 344&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 95.24% White, 1.36% African American, 2.49% Asian, 0.23% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.81%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 336 households 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.7% were married couples living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 16.1% of households were one person and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.90.

The age distribution was 25.3% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 45&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 103.7&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 97.9&nbsp;males.

The median household income was $80,095 and the median family income  was $88,061. Males had a median income of $67,361 versus $50,536 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $38,809. None of the families and 0.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 3.0% of those over 64.

