==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 202
|1930= 198
|1940= 196
|1950= 175
|1960= 163
|1970= 173
|1980= 178
|1990= 183
|2000= 219
|2010= 233
|2020= 236
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
Brookside is a part of the [[Cañon City, CO Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 219 people, 85 households, and 62 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|507.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 96.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.96% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,688, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $33,333 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,841.  About 13.8% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.
{{clear}}

