==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 536
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 532 people, 225 households, and 161 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|184.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races.  5.6% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 225 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,044, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $31,328 versus $18,472 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,974.  About 5.8% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and 30.2% of those age 65 or over.

