==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 1847
|1950= 1965
|1960= 2414
|1970= 2459
|1980= 2556
|1990= 2026
|2000= 1998
|2010= 1880
|2020= 1730
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="CensusPopEst">{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,998 people, 1,020 households, and 513 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,060.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,077 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,110.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 79.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.97% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 1,020 households, out of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.7% were non-families. 46.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 28.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 80.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,382, and the median income for a family was $40,517. Males had a median income of $32,434 versus $24,009 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,545. About 10.2% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

