==Demographics==
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results%26state_id%3D4%26place_id%3D9340%26cty_id%3D|title=Data Center Results|access-date=May 18, 2017|archive-date=September 24, 2017|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170924050631/https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results%26state_id%3D4%26place_id%3D9340%26cty_id%3D|url-status=live}}</ref> !! Percent
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 70%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 30%
|}
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 20
|2000= 978
|2010= 885
|2020= 734
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016|archive-date=March 21, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210321050514/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

Cameron's population was 63 in 1940,<ref>{{Cite book |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=ZTcjAQAAMAAJ |title=The Attorneys List |publisher=United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, Attorney List Department |year=1940 |page=85 |language=en |access-date=November 7, 2022 |archive-date=November 3, 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20221103000157/https://books.google.com/books?id=ZTcjAQAAMAAJ |url-status=live }}</ref> and was 20 in the 1960 census.<ref>{{Cite encyclopedia |year=1960 |title=Arizona |encyclopedia=World Book Encyclopedia |publisher=Field Enterprises Educational Corporation |location=Chicago |volume=A |page=557}}</ref>

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 978 people, 236 households, and 194 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|53.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.7% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]],  0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races.  4.1% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 236 households, out of which 44.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were married couples living together, 28.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.4% were non-families. 15.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.14 and the average family size was 4.61.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 41.2% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 13.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,773, and the median income for a family was $21,420. Males had a median income of $21,786 versus $12,614 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,970.  About 38.0% of families and 36.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.0% of those under age 18 and 52.8% of those age 65 or over.

