==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|511
|1920|397
|1930|369
|1940|341
|1950|362
|1960|347
|1970|343
|1980|390
|1990|382
|2000|410
|2010|361
|2020|350
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 350 people, 149 households, and 96 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 799.8 inhabitants per square mile (308.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 165 housing units at an average density of 377.0 per square mile (145.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.6% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.4% of the population.

Of the 149 households, 30.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% were cohabitating couples, 22.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 20.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.6% of all households were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 25.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.3% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 and 44; 25.7% were from 45 and 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 361 people, 152 households, and 93 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|839.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|397.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 152 households, of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 37.9 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 410 people, 158 households and 97 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|953.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 170 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 158 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.47.

32.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $34,250 and the median family incomewas $42,813. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $21,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,576. About 7.5% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

