==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 607
|2010= 1001
|2020= 869
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=January 26, 2024}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 607 people, 174 households, and 136 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|92.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 94.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 174 households, out of which 46.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 16.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 49.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.8% were non-families. 15.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.47 and the average family size was 3.85.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 44.3% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 13.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $20,208, and the median income for a family was $18,958. Males had a median income of $22,813 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,738. About 41.5% of families and 40.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.7% of those under age 18 and 25.6% of those age 65 or over.

