==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 111
|1970= 199
|1980= 420
|1990= 392
|2000= 528
|2010= 1050
|2020= 1492
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,050 people, 378 households, and 302 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|280.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 404 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 378 households, of which 44.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.1% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 32.2 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 528 people, 202 households, and 153 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|137.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 214 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population and .13% [[Native Hawaiians|Hawaiian]].

There were 202 households, out of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $51,154, and the median income for a family was $57,500. Males had a median income of $37,031 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,558. 3.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including  7.5% of those over 64.8.  No families or minors are living below the poverty line.

