==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 125
|1920= 167
|1930= 137
|1940= 289
|1950= 269
|1960= 277
|1970= 312
|1980= 299
|1990= 301
|2000= 316
|2010= 408
|2020= 422
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 316 people, 137 households, and 77 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|384.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 98.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,875, and the median income for a family was $31,563. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,453.  About 7.8% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 28.3% of those age 65 or over.

