==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 282
|1910= 334
|1920= 416
|1930= 450
|1940= 487
|1950= 580
|1960= 608
|1970= 589
|1980= 723
|1990= 668
|2000= 803
|2010= 764
|2020= 782
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 764 people, 307 households, and 212 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|868.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.

There were 307 households, of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.9% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 36.1 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 803 people, 310 households, and 222 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,316.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|544.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.36% of the population.

There were 310 households, out of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,083, and the median income for a family was $40,865. Males had a median income of $28,092 versus $18,676 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,399.  About 7.4% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 17.5% of those age 65 or over.

