==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 136
|1920= 90
|1930= 69
|1940= 65
|1950= 34
|1960= 28
|1970= 18
|1980= 7
|1990= 7
|2000= 6
|2010= 5
|2020= 3
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 20, 2014}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 22, 2019}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5 people, 2 households, and 1 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|20.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 4 housing units at an average density of {{convert|16.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 2 households, of which 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 50.0% were non-families. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 22.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 60% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 60.0% male and 40.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 6 people, 2 households, and 1 family residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 24.3 people per square mile (9.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 4 housing units at an average density of 16.2 per square mile (6.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 2 households, out of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]], and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 50.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 5.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 50.0% under the age of 18, 33.3% from 25 to 44, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 100 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 50 males.

