==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 197
|1870= 174
|1880= 197
|1890= 291
|1900= 343
|1910= 725
|1920= 347
|1930= 496
|1940= 598
|1950= 676
|1960= 700
|1970= 745
|1980= 767
|1990= 699
|2000= 708
|2010= 653
|2020= 624
|estyear=2022
|estimate=617
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2022"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=17 July 2019|language=en }}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 708 people, 331 households, and 187 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,927.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 370 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,007.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 331 households, out of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.5% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $34,306, and the median income for a family was $42,375. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $21,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,486. About 5.5% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

