==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 284
|1880= 336
|1890= 478
|1900= 547
|1910= 560
|1920= 530
|1930= 870
|1940= 876
|1950= 895
|1960= 1257
|1970= 1466
|1980= 1320
|1990= 1226
|2000= 1280
|2010= 1288
|2020= 1240
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1209
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,288 people, 509 households, and 359 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1327.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 553 housing units at an average density of {{convert|570.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 509 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.5% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,280 people, 513 households, and 377 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,281.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 539 housing units at an average density of {{convert|539.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 513 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,286, and the median income for a family was $38,000. Males had a median income of $32,026 versus $20,526 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,961. About 9.3% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

