==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 170
|1910= 576
|1920= 463
|1930= 484
|1940= 549
|1950= 584
|1960= 597
|1970= 570
|1980= 632
|1990= 818
|2000= 720
|2010= 698
|2020= 831
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Mathiston racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2845720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|688
|82.79%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|104
|12.52%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.24%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|22
|2.65%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|15
|1.81%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 831 people, 250 households, and 171 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 720 people, 294 households, and 194 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|289.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 323 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.81% of the population.

There were 294 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $28,889. Males had a median income of $27,875 versus $23,472 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,222. About 21.4% of families and 25.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.5% of those under age 18 and 25.2% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

