==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 820
|1990= 823
|2000= 866
|2010= 869
|2020= 851
|estyear=2024
|estimate=802
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 866 people, 346 households, and 255 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|280.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|121.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.42% of the population.

There were 346 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,303, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,300. About 9.2% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

