==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 2196
|1930= 2516
|1940= 2628
|1950= 2610
|1960= 2434
|1970= 2385
|1980= 2296
|1990= 2204
|2000= 2281
|2010= 1970
|2020= 1917
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1891
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 2,281 people, 890 households, and 637 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,355.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 948 housing units at an average density of {{convert|563.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 97.94% White, 1.36% African American, 0.04% Native American, 0.09% from other races, and 0.57% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 890 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $36,113. Males had a median income of $31,636 versus $17,415 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,261. About 8.9% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

