==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 714
|1970= 1059
|1980= 1158
|1990= 1470
|2000= 1982
|2010= 2914
|2020=3501
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5541300">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Lake Delton village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5541300&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 21, 2022}}</ref> the population was 3,501. The [[population density]] was {{convert|467.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 69.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 15.3% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 8.5% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 24.1% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,914 people, 1,269 households, and 653 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|415.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,343 housing units at an average density of {{convert|334.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.3% of the population.

There were 1,269 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.5% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 36.9 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 15% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,982 people, 897 households, and 525 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 320.3 people per square mile (123.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,373 housing units at an average density of 221.9 per square mile (85.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.66% of the population.

There were 897 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,951, and the median income for a family was $40,952. Males had a median income of $31,680 versus $23,990 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,834. About 5.4% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

