==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 266
|1900= 319
|1910= 304
|1920= 356
|1930= 407
|1940= 402
|1950= 410
|1960= 374
|1970= 473
|1980= 431
|1990= 466
|2000= 495
|2010= 425
|2020= 391
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> there were 425 people, 162 households, and 116 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|518.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 180 housing units at an average density of {{convert|219.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.

The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race made up 3.8% of the population.

There were 162 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.4% were non-families. Additionally, 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62, and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 35.5 years. Of the total population, 27.1% were under the age of 18, 9.8% were between 18 and 24, 27.6% were between 25 and 44, 22.9% were between 45 and 64, and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 495 people, 180 households, and 133 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|620.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 184 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the village was 98.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race made up 2.83% of the population.

There were 180 households, of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. Additionally, 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75, and the average family size was 3.24.

The population was distributed as follows: 32.5% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,222, and the median income for a family was $48,942. Males had a median income of $33,438, compared to $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,908. About 13.8% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.7% of those under age 18 and 2.0% of those age 65 or older.

