==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 232
| 1900 = 400
| 1910 = 287
| 1920 = 373
| 1930 = 319
| 1940 = 375
| 1950 = 300
| 1960 = 148
| 1970 = 141
| 1980 = 183
| 1990 = 266
| 2000 = 276
| 2010 = 327
| 2020 = 244
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 327 people residing in Koosharem, an 18.48% increase from 2000. In the 2000 census, there were 276 people, 88 households, and 79 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 497.1 people per square mile (190.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 133 housing units at an average density of 239.5 per square mile (91.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.71% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 46.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.1% were non-families. 9.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.14 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.1% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,481. About 5.3% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

