==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000 = 28
|2010 = 52
|2020 = 53
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 28 people, 6 households, and 6 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|37.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 46% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 25% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 14% from two or more races. 79% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 6 households, out of which 100% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 17% had a female householder with no husband present. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.7 and the average family size was 4.7.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 43% under the age of 18, 11% from 18 to 24, 25% from 25 to 44, and 21% from 45 to 64. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 64.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,917, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $11,786 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,359. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

