==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 302
|1930= 356
|1940= 283
|1950= 340
|1960= 254
|1970= 206
|1980= 222
|1990= 186
|2000= 189
|2010= 169
|2020= 158
|estyear=2022
|estimate=155
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 16, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 169 people, 81 households, and 43 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|111.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from two or more races.

There were 81 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.9% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 35.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 189 people, 86 households, and 47 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|125.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.59% from two or more races.

There were 86 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,375, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $22,000 versus $13,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,302. About 5.6% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 56.5% of those 65 or over.

