==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 301
|1900= 832
|1910= 865
|1920= 1060
|1930= 820
|1940= 732
|1950= 981
|1960= 1094
|1970= 1240
|1980= 1198
|1990= 1361
|2000= 1190
|2010= 1004
|2020= 888
|estyear=2024
|estimate=871
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Boyce racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2209165&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 207
| 23.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 615
| 69.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 27
| 3.04%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 32
| 3.6%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 888 people, 352 households, and 227 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,190 people, 426 households, and 310 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,239.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 485 housing units at an average density of {{convert|912.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 23.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 74.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 426 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.8% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,727, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $24,000 versus $13,600 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,616. About 37.9% of families and 40.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.3% of those under age 18 and 27.1% of those age 65 or over.

