==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 822
|1930= 1594
|1940= 1707
|1950= 1857
|1960= 1916
|1970= 2039
|1980= 1649
|1990= 1599
|2000= 1570
|2010= 1561
|2020= 1648
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1636
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, there were 1,561 people, 660 households, and 415 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,732.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 698 housing units at an average density of 1,668.8 units per square mile (644.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the borough was 79% White (75.4% [[Non-Hispanic Whites|Non-Hispanic White]]), 10.6% Black or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.1% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic or Latino]] (5.6% [[Puerto Rican people|Puerto Rican]]), 1.9% [[Asian ethnicity|Asian]], 3.8% from other races, and 4.5% from [[Multiracial American|two or more races (Multiracial)]].

Of the 660 households, 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.94.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,570 people, 670 households, and 438 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,753.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 703 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,680.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 88.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.01% of the population.

There were 670 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $54,412. Males had a median income of $36,389 versus $29,712 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,217. About 3.4% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.

