==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 950
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020, there were 950 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 2,668.54 people per square mile (1,028.97/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 479 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 39.7% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 53.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 3.2% from two or more races. 1.7% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Pleasant Hills CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Pleasant_Hills_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3963548 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=25 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 488 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 50.0% had a female householder with no spouse present. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.3% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59, and the average family size was 3.16.<ref name="2020 census"/>

26.2% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 45.2% were 18 to 64, and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.1. For every 100 females, there were 61.6 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $58,656, and the median income for a family was $59,734. About 19.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 59.0% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 61.9% of the population were employed, and 35.0% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

