==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 194
|1900= 558
|1910= 850
|1920= 843
|1930= 763
|1940= 746
|1950= 867
|1960= 831
|1970= 900
|1980= 957
|1990= 1125
|2000= 1298
|2010= 1301
|2020= 1249
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,301 people, 590 households, and 341 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|779.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 677 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% of [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% of two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 590 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 46.8 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 26.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 1,298 people, 567 households, and 329 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 757.1 people per square mile (293.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 618 housing units at an average density of 360.5 per square mile (139.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% of [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.16% of two or more races. 1.31% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 567 households, out of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,829, and the median income for a family was $45,859. Males had a median income of $32,424 versus $22,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,778. About 4.0% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

