==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 350
|1920= 333
|1930= 358
|1940= 392
|1950= 426
|1960= 327
|1970= 337
|1980= 384
|1990= 270
|2000= 818
|2010= 808
|2020= 786
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 808 people, 321 households, and 222 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|581.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 321 households, of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the town was 35.3 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 818 people, 331 households, and 231 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|736.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 355 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 331 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 34.2% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,962, and the median income for a family was $44,868. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,800 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,417. About 10.3% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 19.0% of those age 65 or over.

