==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|187
|1910|231
|1920|192
|1930|179
|1940|159
|1950|244
|1960|239
|1970|235
|1980|237
|1990|246
|2000|300
|2010|309
|2020|304
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=March 29, 2020}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 304 people, 122 households, and 84 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 437.9 inhabitants per square mile (169.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 130 housing units at an average density of 187.2 per square mile (72.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 89.8% [[White Americans|White]], 1.3% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.3% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.0% from other races and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 4.3% of the population.

Of the 122 households, 32.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% were cohabitating couples, 19.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 18.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 31.1% of all households were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 34.3 years. 24.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 7.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 32.9% were from 25 and 44; 26.3% were from 45 and 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=May 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 309 people, 120 households, and 91 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|454.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 120 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 35.1 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 9.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 300 people, 109 households, and 80 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,072.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.67% from two or more races.

There were 109 households, out of which 41.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 38.0% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $54,375, and the median income for a family was $57,344. Males had a median income of $31,964 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,574. None of the families and 1.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

