==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 647
|1920= 626
|1930= 710
|1940= 682
|1950= 721
|1960= 792
|1970= 799
|1980= 699
|1990= 625
|2000= 619
|2010= 529
|2020= 692
|estyear=2022
|estimate=669
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 13, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 529 people, 247 households, and 153 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1469.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|791.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 247 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 45.9 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 32.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 619 people, 251 households, and 168 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,686.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|776.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 251 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $38,409. Males had a median income of $29,318 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,867. About 6.0% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and 24.6% of those age 65 or over.

