==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 322
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 429 people, 107 households, and 94 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|95.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 107 households, out of which 55.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.1% were non-families. 10.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.01 and the average family size was 4.31.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.2% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,212, and the median income for a family was $22,604. Males had a median income of $19,667 versus $12,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,926. About 38.5% of families and 47.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.4% of those under age 18 and 26.7% of those age 65 or over.

