==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 771
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent
|-
| Spoke [[Hopi language|Hopi]] at home || 56.4%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 39.1%
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 4.5%
|}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 901 people, 242 households, and 202 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|561.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 284 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.7% [[Race (U.S. census)|Native American]], 1.7% from two or more races, 1.4% [[Race (U.S. census)|White]], 0.2% from [[race (U.S. census)|other races]], and  [[Race (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 242 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were married couples living together, 28.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.5% were non-families. 14.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.72 and the average family size was 4.06.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population showed 35.2% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years.  For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,710, and the median income for a family was $38,266. Males had a median income of $49,063 versus $28,409 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,432.  About 15.6% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under the age of 18 and 4.5% of those 65 and older.

