==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 258
|1900= 454
|1910= 536
|1920= 667
|1930= 644
|1940= 660
|1950= 630
|1960= 634
|1970= 588
|1980= 629
|1990= 580
|2000= 540
|2010= 463
|2020= 497
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 463 people, 210 households, and 120 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|734.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 210 households, of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 51.7 years. 17.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 540 people, 227 households, and 138 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|842.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|383.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.93% from two or more races.

There were 227 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,417, and the median income for a family was $33,438. Males had a median income of $23,875 versus $18,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,098.  About 4.5% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

