==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 239
|1900= 222
|1910= 129
|1920= 238
|1930= 165
|1940= 187
|1950= 138
|1960= 122
|1970= 112
|1980= 95
|1990= 85
|2000= 75
|2010= 81
|2020= 40
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 81 people, 33 households, and 24 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|810.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.5% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 39.6 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 75 people, 33 households, and 19 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|727.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. All residents were [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 1.33% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]].

There were 33 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,667, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $18,542 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,065. There were no families and 9.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of under eighteens and 35.7% of those over 64.

