==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 320
|1910= 421
|1920= 524
|1930= 620
|1940= 624
|1950= 630
|1960= 607
|1970= 476
|1980= 536
|1990= 504
|2000= 449
|2010= 424
|2020= 376
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=March 21, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210321050514/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022|archive-date=February 13, 2023|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230213085226/https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 449 people, 185 households, and 125 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|143.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 59.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 40.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 185 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 24.1% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,792, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $33,542 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,463. About 10.2% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

