==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 129
|1970= 127
|1980= 164
|1990= 118
|2000= 134
|2010= 91
|2020= 94
|estyear=2022
|estimate=96
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=February 12, 2014|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 91 people, 44 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|650.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|407.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 44 households, of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 134 people, 57 households, and 38 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,043.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|459.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.24% from two or more races.

There were 57 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $30,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,125. There were 23.3% of families and 24.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of under eighteens and 46.7% of those over 64.

