==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 89
| 2010 = 6
| 2020 = 4
}}
Only 8–10 people live here year-round. The rest, up to 40, are seasonal employees during the spring and summer months.  Demographics depend on the seasonal employees.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 89 people, 39 households, and 20 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|6.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3% of the population.

There were 8 households, out of which 20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 20% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 80% were non-families. 80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19% under the age of 18, 25% from 18 to 24, 33% from 25 to 44, 23% from 45 to 64, and 0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 196.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 188.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,635, and the median income for a family was $50,250. Males had a median income of $19,250 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,933. There were no families and 30% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
{{clear}}
