==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 25
|1980= 123
|1990= 275
|2000= 300
|2010= 417
|2020= 406
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Fox first appeared on the 1950 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It did not appear again until 1980 when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of 2007,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 353 people, 119 households, and 71 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|22.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.67% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 8.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.33% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.67% from two or more races.  1.33% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 119 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 4.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,176, and the median income for a family was $64,107. Males had a median income of $39,297 versus $22,273 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,689.  None of the families and 8.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

