==Demographics==

Greeley Hill first appeared as a census-designated place in the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], when the Census Bureau counted 915 residents and 631 housing units in the CDP.<ref name="Census2010" /> At the 2020 census, the population was 927, a 1.3 percent increase from 2010.<ref name="DOFProfile" />

{{US Census population
|2010= 915
|2020= 927
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html |title=Decennial Census by Decade |website=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 13, 2026}}</ref>
}}

The California Department of Finance's 2020 redistricting profile, based on U.S. Census Bureau Public Law 94-171 data, reported a population density of 38.8 people per square mile.<ref name="DOFProfile" /> Using the [[California Department of Finance|California Department of Finance]] convention (in which racial categories exclude Hispanic respondents, who are tabulated separately), the composition was 114 Hispanic or Latino residents of any race; 730 non-Hispanic White residents; six non-Hispanic Black or African American residents; nine non-Hispanic American Indian or Alaska Native residents; three non-Hispanic Asian residents; one non-Hispanic Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander resident; four non-Hispanic residents of some other race; and 60 non-Hispanic residents of two or more races.<ref name="DOFProfile" /> Under the U.S. Census Bureau's raw 2020 Census P1 race tabulations (in which Hispanic respondents are counted in each race category), the same population was reported as 760 White (82.0 percent), 8 Black or African American (0.9 percent), 13 American Indian or Alaska Native (1.4 percent), 3 Asian (0.3 percent), 1 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (0.1 percent), 25 from some other race (2.7 percent), and 117 from two or more races (12.6 percent); 114 residents (12.3 percent) were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="CensusDP1" />

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Population by race and ethnicity, 2020
! Race or ethnicity !! Count !! Percent
|-
| Hispanic or Latino, of any race || 114 || 12.3%
|-
| White alone, not Hispanic or Latino || 730 || 78.7%
|-
| Black or African American alone, not Hispanic or Latino || 6 || 0.6%
|-
| American Indian or Alaska Native alone, not Hispanic or Latino || 9 || 1.0%
|-
| Asian alone, not Hispanic or Latino || 3 || 0.3%
|-
| Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander alone, not Hispanic or Latino || 1 || 0.1%
|-
| Some other race alone, not Hispanic or Latino || 4 || 0.4%
|-
| Two or more races, not Hispanic or Latino || 60 || 6.5%
|}

===Households, families and housing===
At the 2020 Census, Greeley Hill had 431 households, of which 184 (42.7 percent) were married-couple households, 29 (6.7 percent) were cohabiting-couple households, 106 (24.6 percent) had a female householder with no partner present, and 112 (26.0 percent) had a male householder with no partner present; 144 (33.4 percent) of all households were one-person, and 68 (15.8 percent) were one-person households whose occupant was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.15, and 249 families (57.8 percent of all households) were counted.<ref name="CensusDP1" /><ref name="CensusP16">{{Cite web |title=Greeley Hill CDP, California; P16: Household Type – 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0630900 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 13, 2026}}</ref>

The 2020 age distribution was 124 residents (13.4 percent) under 18, 50 (5.4 percent) aged 18 to 24, 121 (13.1 percent) aged 25 to 44, 301 (32.5 percent) aged 45 to 64, and 331 (35.7 percent) aged 65 or older. The median age was 58.6 years, and the sex ratio was 94.3 males per 100 females.<ref name="CensusDP1" />

The 2020 Census reported 627 housing units in the CDP, an average density of {{convert|26.3|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units}}; 431 (68.7 percent) were occupied. Of the occupied units, 343 (79.6 percent) were owner-occupied and 88 (20.4 percent) were renter-occupied.<ref name="CensusDP1" />

