==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 204 people, 79 households, and 60 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|390.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.45% of the population.

There were 79 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were married couples living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the CDP, the population age distribution is as follows: 24.5% are under 18 years old, 5.9% are between 18 and 24, 28.4% are between 25 and 44, 31.4% are between 45 and 64, and 9.8% are 65 years or older. The median age is 41 years. For every 100 females, there are 100.0 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there are also 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $57,917, and the median income for a family was $59,333. Males had a median income of $60,156 versus $25,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,526. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

