==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 6721
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 6,685 people, 3,077 households, and 1,867 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,001.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|488.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 97.77 percent White, 0.66 percent African American, 0.03 percent Native American, 0.69 percent Asian, 0.04 percent Pacific Islander, 0.13 percent from other races, and 0.67 percent from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.42 percent of the population.

There were 3,077 households, out of which 21.0 percent had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7 percent were married couples living together, 8.5 percent had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3 percent were non-families. 35.7 percent of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5 percent had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.0 percent under the age of 18, 6.3 percent from 18 to 24, 25.4 percent from 25 to 44, 25.1 percent from 45 to 64, and 25.2 percent who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,819, and the median income for a family was $43,136. Males had a median income of $36,804 versus $23,537 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,705. About 7.2 percent of families and 8.3 percent of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5 percent of those under age 18 and 12.5 percent of those age 65 or over.

