==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 150
|1880= 128
|1890= 135
|1900= 113
|1910= 100
|1920= 82
|1930= 76
|1940= 142
|1950= 146
|1960= 153
|1970= 161
|1980= 130
|1990= 119
|2000= 102
|2010= 136
|2020= 81
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 136 people, 44 households, and 35 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4533.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1733.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 44 households, of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.5% were non-families. 6.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.09 and the average family size was 3.37.

The median age in the village was 34.3 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 19.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 102 people, 36 households, and 28 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|3,363.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,252.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 112.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,500, and the median income for a family was $47,083. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,647. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

