==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 887
|1950= 941
|1960= 862
|1970= 773
|1980= 603
|1990= 662
|2000= 812
|2010= 696
|2020= 694
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 812 people, 294 households, and 206 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|317.6|pd/sqmi}}. There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{cvt|150.2|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 13.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races. 31.5% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 294 households, out of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,368, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $32,232 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,642. About 14.0% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 23.2% of those age 65 or over.

