==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 367
|1890= 513
|2010= 315
|2020= 542
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 11, 2012 }}</ref> of 2010, there were 315 people, 121 households, and 90 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1968.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|825.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.5% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the town was 37.5 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,276 people, 462 households, and 369 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|367.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 481 housing units at an average density of {{convert|138.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 462 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were married couples living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.1% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $45,972, and the median income for a family was $50,036. Males had a median income of $27,941 versus $26,458 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $17,406. About 5.4% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 1.4% of those under age 18 and 14.7% of those age 65 or over.

