==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 777
|1940= 782
|1950= 984
|1960= 971
|1970= 895
|1980= 832
|1990= 706
|2000= 1809
|2010= 630
|2020= 854
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 630 people, 287 households, and 148 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1657.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{convert|915.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 287 households, of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.4% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the town was 35.2 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 16.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 645 people (corrected count), 311 households, and 171 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1612.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|864.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.93% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.31% of the population.

There were 311 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.7% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 6.4% under the age of 18, 66.4% from 18 to 24, 13.2% from 25 to 44, 7.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 21.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 18.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,214, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $23,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,450. About 5.1% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 3.7% of those age 65 or over.

