==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 459
|1870= 499
|1880= 489
|1890= 503
|1900= 699
|1910= 850
|1920= 973
|1930= 852
|1940= 874
|1950= 767
|1960= 755
|1970= 714
|1980= 717
|1990= 613
|2000= 2660
|2010= 692
|2020= 625
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 692 people, 271 households, and 188 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1330.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|598.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 271 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the town was 38.2 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,660 people, 286 households, and 193 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|4,953.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|599.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town, including prison population, was 63.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 32.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.14% of the population.

There were 286 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 7.0% under the age of 18, 17.9% from 18 to 24, 53.9% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 603.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 756.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,875, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $28,207 versus $20,682 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,822. About 12.0% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

