==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 1349
| 1920 = 232
| 1930 = 784
| 1940 = 601
| 1950 = 481
| 1990 = 312
| 2000 = 341
| 2010 = 289
| 2020 = 221
| footnote = Source: U.S. Census Bureau<ref name=census>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title = Census of Population and Housing|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=18 Nov 2011}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 341 people, 92 households, and 78 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 145.1 people per square mile (56.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 96 housing units at an average density of 40.8/sq&nbsp;mi (15.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 93.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 47.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 47.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.2% were non-families. 10.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.71 and the average family size was 4.03.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 41.6% under the age of 18, 13.2% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 3.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $10,417, and the median income for a family was $15,156. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $3,920. About 63.4% of families and 70.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 81.1% of those under age 18 and 90.0% of those age 65 or over.

