==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 252
|1920= 276
|1930= 287
|1940= 304
|1950= 228
|1960= 145
|1970= 104
|1980= 124
|1990= 180
|2000= 166
|2010= 151
|2020= 153
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|access-date=September 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 151 people, 61 households, and 42 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|145.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 45.2 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 39.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.0% male and 43.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 166 people, 63 households, and 48 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|160.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 63 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $27,292 versus $23,036 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,656. About 8.5% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

