==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 1175
|2000= 1485
|2010= 941
|2020= 935
|estyear=
|estimate= 
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 1990<ref name=1990CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 1990 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Mi-Wuk Village first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[1990 U.S. census]].<ref name=1990CensusCA/> In the [[2010 U.S. census]], part of it was split off into the [[Sierra Village, California|Sierra Village CDP]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

===2020===
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Mi-Wuk Village had a population of 935. The population density was {{convert|329.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Mi-Wuk Village was 774 (82.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 4 (0.4%) [[African Americans|African American]], 19 (2.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 12 (1.3%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 7 (0.7%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 26 (2.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 93 (9.9%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 94 persons (10.1%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Mi-Wuk Village CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0648298 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 460 households, out of which 84 (18.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 204 (44.3%) were married-couple households, 42 (9.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 101 (22.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 113 (24.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 151 households (32.8%) were one person, and 74 (16.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.03.<ref name=DP1/> There were 261 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (56.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Mi-Wuk Village CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0648298 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 125 people (13.4%) under the age of 18, 39 people (4.2%) aged 18 to 24, 183 people (19.6%) aged 25 to 44, 308 people (32.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 280 people (29.9%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 55.3{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 1,173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|413.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 460 (39.2%) were occupied. Of these, 343 (74.6%) were owner-occupied, and 117 (25.4%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

===2010===
The [[2010 United States census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0648298|archive-url=https://archive.today/20140715031456/http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0648298|url-status=dead|archive-date=July 15, 2014|title=2010 Census Interactive Population Search: CA - Mi-Wuk Village CDP|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=July 12, 2014}}</ref> reported that Mi-Wuk Village had a population of 941. The population density was {{convert|338.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Mi-Wuk Village was 871 (92.6%) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5 (0.5%) [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 17 (1.8%) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3 (0.3%) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 11 (1.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 34 (3.6%) from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 71 persons (7.5%).

The Census reported that 941 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.

There were 417 households, out of which 96 (23.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 221 (53.0%) were [[marriage|opposite-sex married couples]] living together, 38 (9.1%) had a female householder with no husband present, 20 (4.8%) had a male householder with no wife present.  There were 26 (6.2%) [[POSSLQ|unmarried opposite-sex partnerships]], and 6 (1.4%) [[same-sex partnerships|same-sex married couples or partnerships]]. 100 households (24.0%) were made up of individuals, and 47 (11.3%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26.  There were 279 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (66.9% of all households); the average family size was 2.68.

The population was spread out, with 160 people (17.0%) under the age of 18, 61 people (6.5%) aged 18 to 24, 175 people (18.6%) aged 25 to 44, 343 people (36.5%) aged 45 to 64, and 202 people (21.5%) who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 50.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

There were 1,159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|416.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, of which 321 (77.0%) were owner-occupied, and 96 (23.0%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.7%; the rental vacancy rate was 11.5%.  706 people (75.0% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 235 people (25.0%) lived in rental housing units.

===2000===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, the median income for a household in the CDP was $51,925, and the median income for a family was $52,019. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $26,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,209.  About 5.9% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

