==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 127
| 1980 = 136
| 1990 = 135
| 2000 = 124
| 2010 = 114
| 2020 = 68
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 74
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 124 people, 50 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 252.0/km{{sup|2}} (636.5/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 56 housing units at an average density of 113.8/km{{sup|2}} (287.5/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.94% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 7.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 0.81% from two or more races.

There were 50 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $33,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,028. There were 6.7% of families and 9.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

