==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 33
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 47 people, 18 households, and 14 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|242.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 18 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 142.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,123. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

