==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 213
|1920= 157
|1930= 192
|1940= 201
|1950= 223
|1960= 198
|1970= 211
|1980= 191
|1990= 192
|2000= 200
|2010= 355
|2020= 420
|estyear=2021
|estimate=425
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 355 people, 156 households, and 96 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|529.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 180 housing units at an average density of {{convert|268.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.5% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the town was 33.9 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31% were from 25 to 44; 20.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 200 people, 91 households, and 56 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|354.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|194.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.50% from two or more races.

There were 91 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,750, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,457. About 12.1% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.0% of those 65 or over.

