==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 133
|1940= 146
|1950= 130
|1960= 128
|1970= 118
|1980= 129
|1990= 103
|2000= 92
|2010= 104
|2020= 79
|estyear=2022
|estimate=79
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 12, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 12, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 104 people, 43 households, and 31 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|203.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 42 years. 30.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.3% male and 56.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 92 people, 39 households, and 26 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|180.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,812. There were 7.7% of families and 14.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

