==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 271
|1900= 260
|1910= 246
|1920= 208
|1930= 213
|1940= 211
|1950= 166
|1960= 131
|1970= 115
|1980= 125
|1990= 104
|2000= 88
|2010= 69
|2020= 57
|estyear=2021
|estimate=59
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 69 people, 40 households, and 16 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|276.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 40 households, of which 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 20.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 60.0% were non-families. 57.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.73 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the village was 51.2 years. 18.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 29% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 88 people, 44 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|346.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.14% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.2% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $45,417 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,579. 16.7% of families and 22.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under eighteen and 20.0% of those over 64.

