==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 468
|1910= 700
|1920= 775
|1930= 817
|1940= 753
|1950= 711
|1960= 714
|1970= 631
|1980= 644
|1990= 555
|2000= 520
|2010= 441
|2020= 459
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 441 people, 202 households, and 121 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|747.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 202 households, of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 520 people, 224 households, and 152 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|863.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|441.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.54% of the population.

There were 224 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $27,760, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $24,417 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,144. About 7.5% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

