==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1069
|2010= 1052
|2020= 1004
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,069 people, 277 households, and 221 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|118.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 368 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% from two or more races, and 0.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 277 households, out of which 49.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.86 and the average family size was 4.42.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 40.1% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 14.9% from 45 to 64, and 5.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,618, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $26,932 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,233. About 27.5% of families and 29.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.1% of those under age 18 and 27.5% of those age 65 or over.

