==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 224
|1860= 3880
|1870= 5714
|1880= 6052
|1890= 7346
|1900= 6438
|1910= 6855
|1920= 6686
|1930= 7164
|1940= 7045
|1950= 6192
|1960= 5237
|1970= 4737
|1980= 4235
|1990= 3859
|2000= 3283
|2010= 2817
|2020= 2471
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web
 |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
 |website=U.S. Census Bureau
 |date=4 March 2012
 |access-date=4 March 2012
 |title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|website=U.S. Census Bureau|date=11 December 2013|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013
}}</ref><ref>US census, 2020 census report, Ashland borough, Pennsylvania profile</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 2,817 people, 1,301 households, and 776 families living in the borough. There were 1,677 housing units with a vacancy rate of 22.4%. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.2% White, 0.2% African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.3% Asian, and 0.2% other. 1.0% were from two or more races, and Hispanic or Latino were 1.0% of any race.

As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 3,283 people, 1,437 households, and 863 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,886|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,724 housing units at an average density of {{convert|990.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.09% of the population.

Of the 1,437 households 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.00.
 
21.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.1% from age 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,234, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $20,920 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,036. About 11.1% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.

