==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 274
|1890= 304
|1900= 335
|1910= 351
|1920= 443
|1930= 197
|1940= 280
|1950= 282
|1960= 229
|1970= 234
|1980= 241
|1990= 216
|2000= 222
|2010= 205
|2020= 175
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 222 people, 96 households, and 54 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|207.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.25% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,367. About 17.3% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 27.8% of those 65 or over.

