==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 191
|1890= 394
|1900= 408
|1910= 332
|1920= 283
|1930= 277
|1940= 321
|1950= 359
|1960= 369
|1970= 327
|1980= 284
|1990= 233
|2000= 242
|2010= 197
|2020= 165
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 197 people, 81 households, and 52 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|179.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 81 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 41.5 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 242 people, 96 households, and 67 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|216.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $18,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,980.  About 9.1% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 25.6% of those 65 or over.

