==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 237
|1930= 254
|1940= 72
|1950= 30
|1960= 32
|1970= 49
|1980= 77
|1990= 99
|2000= 97
|2010= 87
|2020= 48
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Hyder first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was chosen as the central part of its same-named census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website  }}</ref> of 2000, there were 97 people, 47 households, and 25 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|6.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93 [[White American|White]], and 4 from two or more races. There was 1 [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

There were 47 households, out of which 9 had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24 were married couples living together, 1 had a female householder with no husband present, and 21 were non-families. 19 of all households were made up of individuals, and 3 had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18 under 18, 11 from 18 to 24, 16 from 25 to 44, 45 from 45 to 64, and 7 who were 65 or older. The median age was 46 years. There were 44 females and 53 males, of them 34 females were age 18 and over, as were 45 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $11,719, and the median income for a family was $30,500. Males had a median income of $56,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,491. There were 44.4% of families and 54.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 81.0% under 18, and 50.0% over 64.

