==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 570
|1920= 784
|1930= 881
|1940= 687
|1950= 949
|1960= 1015
|1970= 942
|1980= 1355
|1990= 1070
|2000= 1038
|2010= 927
|2020= 759
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2/> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Wakefield town, Virginia – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Wakefield town, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5182384&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Wakefield town, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5182384&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|427
|347
|46.06%
|45.72%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|469
|345
|50.59%
|45.45%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|3
|0
|0.32%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|14
|1
|1.51%
|0.13%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|Some Other Race alone (NH)
|0
|8
|0.00%
|1.05%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race or Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|6
|40
|0.65%
|5.27%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|8
|18
|0.86%
|2.37%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''927'''
|'''759'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 Census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 927 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the town was 50.6% Black, 46.1% White, 0.3% Native American, 1.5% Asian and 0.6% from two or more races. 0.9% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,038 people, 423 households, and 285 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 833.2 people per square mile (320.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 485 housing units at an average density of 389.3 per square mile (149.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 47.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 51.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 423 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $34,539. Males had a median income of $26,429 versus $21,595 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,290. About 9.9% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.1% of those under age 18 and 17.3% of those age 65 or over.

