==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 92
|1950= 324
|1960= 625
|1970= 558
|1980= 528
|1990= 503
|2000= 499
|2010= 545
|2020= 599
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US3967440|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 545 people, 221 households, and 153 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3633.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 236 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1573.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 221 households, of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 33.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 499 people, 229 households, and 149 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|3,100.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 238 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,478.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.40% of the population.

There were 229 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 1.8% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 34.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $94,737, and the median income for a family was $106,743. Males had a median income of $71,750 versus $47,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $49,374. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], with 2.1% of those over 64 and none under eighteen.

