==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 1182
|1890= 1137
|1900= 1080
|1910= 1122
|1920= 1177
|1930= 1641
|1940= 1413
|1950= 1439
|1960= 1452
|1970= 1716
|1980= 1694
|1990= 1595
|2000= 1628
|2010= 1484
|2020= 1316
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,484 people, 575 households, and 368 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|894.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 688 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 575 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 42.4 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,628 people, 612 households, and 417 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,004.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 717 housing units at an average density of {{convert|442.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.29% of the population.

There were 612 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,819, and the median income for a family was $41,563. Males had a median income of $28,942 versus $19,318 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,126. About 6.2% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

