==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 330
|1890= 558
|1900= 824
|1910= 814
|1920= 880
|1930= 817
|1940= 877
|1950= 963
|1960= 957
|1970= 998
|1980= 810
|1990= 767
|2000= 827
|2010= 778
|2020= 800
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | access-date = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 778 people, 310 households, and 205 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|836.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|389.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.0% of the population.

There were 310 households, of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the town was 38.1 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 22% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 827 people, 329 households, and 224 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,743.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 361 housing units at an average density of {{convert|761.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.79% of the population.

There were 329 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,224, and the median income for a family was $36,136. Males had a median income of $28,839 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,401. About 5.5% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

