==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 246
|1930= 244
|1940= 300
|1950= 367
|1960= 370
|1970= 390
|1980= 384
|1990= 345
|2000= 362
|2010= 368
|2020= 352
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 9, 2014}}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 368 people, 156 households, and 94 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|413.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|197.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 156 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.7% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 33.8 years. 29.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29% were from 25 to 44; 19.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 362 people, 160 households, and 94 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|404.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 160 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,818, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $26,071 versus $18,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,195.  About 6.1% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and 19.8% of those age 65 or over.

