==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 192
|1900= 256
|1910= 232
|1920= 338
|1930= 335
|1940= 429
|1950= 390
|1960= 306
|1970= 243
|1980= 324
|1990= 312
|2000= 417
|2010= 568
|2020= 435
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 417 people, 194 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|367.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|216.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.16% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.3% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.{{citation needed|date=July 2019}}

The median income for a household in the town was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $28,542 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,047. About 14.4% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.5% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.{{citation needed|date=July 2019}}-->
{{clear}}

