==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 464
|1910= 499
|1920= 527
|1930= 571
|1940= 571
|1950= 587
|1960= 651
|1970= 787
|1980= 1054
|1990= 1019
|2000= 1021
|2010= 967
|2020= 941
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 967 people, 457 households, and 286 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|755.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 706 housing units at an average density of {{convert|551.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 457 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.4% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the village was 48.9 years. 15.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 34.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,021 people, 436 households, and 292 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 790.5 people per square mile (305.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 599 housing units at an average density of 463.8 per square mile (179.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.08% of the population.

There were 436 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 31.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $56,538, and the median income for a family was $60,694. Males had a median income of $37,708 versus $26,776 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $27,873. About 0.7% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.1% of those under age 18 and 2.1% of those age 65 or over.

