==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 237 people, 100 households, and 67 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|212.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,932, and the median income for a family was $68,594. Males had a median income of $47,632 versus $12,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,534.  None of the families and 4.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Louviers CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Louviers CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|237
|2010|269
|2020|293
}}
{{clear|left}}

