==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 429
|1930= 505
|1940= 583
|1950= 882
|1960= 944
|1970= 839
|1980= 930
|1990= 765
|2000= 659
|2010= 642
|2020= 543
|estyear=2024
|estimate=524
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=May 2025|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 14, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 642 people, 339 households, and 167 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|611.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 416 housing units at an average density of {{convert|396.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 339 households, of which 16.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.7% were non-families. 49.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 57.4 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 35.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 659 people, 316 households, and 170 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|814.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 379 housing units at an average density of {{convert|468.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 316 households, out of which 18.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.9% were non-families. 44.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.0% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 16.4% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 38.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,391, and the median income for a family was $30,972. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,080. About 8.8% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

