==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 237
|1930= 405
|1940= 429
|1950= 575
|1960= 780
|1970= 924
|1980= 1133
|1990= 954
|2000= 1411
|2010= 1480
|2020= 1296
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Lake Waccamaw racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3736640&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,071
| 82.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 119
| 9.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 43
| 3.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 10
| 0.77%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 38
| 2.93%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 15
| 1.16%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,296 people, 654 households, and 443 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,411 people, 529 households, and 356 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|409.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 793 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.88% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 529 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.

As of the [[census]] of 2017, there were 1,480 people and 1,015 households in Lake Waccamaw, NC. The median price for a housing unit is 252,900.

The largest racial group of the town is [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] at 83.8%. The next largest group is [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] at 9.2%, followed by [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] at 5.4%. The remaining 1.2% of the population are from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. Mixed [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] citizens make up 1.6% of the population. Those who identify as female make up 56.9% of the population, whereas males make up 43.1%. Men also have a higher median income than women at $32,969 per year compared to $19,250. The median household income for this area is $50,345, according to [[American Community Survey]]<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs|title=American Community Survey (ACS)|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=www.census.gov|language=EN-US|access-date=April 1, 2019}}</ref> in 2017. A fifth of these people (22.3%) live below the poverty line.

According to the [[United States Census Bureau]], there were 55,936 people living in [[Columbus County, North Carolina]] in 2017. There are 22,462 households, and 26,305 housing units in Columbus County. Of these households, 23.1% of the population lives in poverty. As of the 2017 data, 63% of the population identifies as white (alone,) and 30.7 of the population identifies as African American.

