==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 267
| 1890 = 698
| 1900 = 797
| 1910 = 669
| 1920 = 741
| 1930 = 728
| 1940 = 741
| 1950 = 839
| 1960 = 892
| 1970 = 875
| 1980 = 1051
| 1990 = 1140
| 2000 = 1191
| 2010 = 1018
| 2020 = 1096
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $44,594, and the median income for a family was $46,071. Males had a median income of $30,966 versus $21,061 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,186. About 0.3% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,018 people, 434 households, and 274 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|795.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 493 housing units at an average density of {{convert|385.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 434 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

