==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Port Ludlow, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Port%20Ludlow%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 1968
| 2010 = 2603
| 2020 = 2959
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,968 people, 954 households, and 742 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 172.2 people per square mile (66.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,186 housing units at an average density of 103.8/sq&nbsp;mi (40.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.52% of the population.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/population/www/|title=People and Households - Data By Subject|first=U.S. Census Bureau, Demographic Internet|last=Staff|publisher=census.gov}}</ref>

There were 954 households, out of which 10.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.29.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 11.9% from 25 to 44, 36.2% from 45 to 64, and 40.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 61 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $56,938, and the median income for a family was $62,298. Males had a median income of $50,265 versus $24,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $36,625. None of the families and 1.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

