==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,039 people, 392 households, and 286 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 706.7 people per square mile (272.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 431 housing units at an average density of 293.2/sq&nbsp;mi (113.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 392 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,740, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $30,132 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,562. About 34.7% of families and 35.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.1% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

