==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 170
|1980= 212
|1990= 197
|2000= 191
|2010= 191
|2020= 206
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2020, there were 206 people, 79 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,842.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|810.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 79 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.3% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 31.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $98,832, and the median income for a family was $103,501. Males had a median income of $87,351 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $43,382. About 4.8% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 8.5% of those 65 or over.

