==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|2010= 50
|2020= 150
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Topaz first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Topaz had a population of 150. The population density was {{convert|12.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Topaz was 89 (59.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.7%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (3.3%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 20 (13.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 35 (23.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 46 persons (30.7%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Topaz CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0679030 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 73 households, out of which 18 (24.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 30 (41.1%) were married-couple households, 3 (4.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 19 (26.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 21 (28.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 26 households (35.6%) were one person, and 12 (16.4%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.05.<ref name=DP1/> There were 42 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (57.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Topaz CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0679030 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 24 people (16.0%) under the age of 18, 7 people (4.7%) aged 18 to 24, 37 people (24.7%) aged 25 to 44, 39 people (26.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 43 people (28.7%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 49.7{{nbsp}}years. There were 89 males and 61 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 73 (77.7%) were occupied. Of these, 60 (82.2%) were owner-occupied, and 13 (17.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

