==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 325
|1920= 112
|1930= 90
|1940= 57
|1950= 27
|1960= 14
|1970= 4
|1980= 6
|1990= 9
|2000= 9
|2010= 7
|2020= 9
|estyear=2024
|estimate=10
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 2, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 2, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 7 people, 3 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|23.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3 housing units at an average density of {{convert|10.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 3 households, of which 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.33.

The median age in the city was 52.3 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.3% were from 25 to 44; 85.7% were from 45 to 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 9 people, 5 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|30.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 5 housing units at an average density of 16.8 per square mile (6.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 5 households, out of which three were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and two were non-families. Two households were made up of individuals who were 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.1% from 18 to 24, 44.4% from 25 to 44, and 44.4% of people aged 45 to 64. The median age was 44 years. For every five females there were four males. For every five females age 18 and over, there were four males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,000. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

