==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1860= 240
|1870= 250
|1880= 267
|1890= 214
|1900= 202
|1910= 175
|1920= 136
|1930= 127
|1940= 182
|1950= 152
|1960= 144
|1970= 149
|1980= 214
|1990= 228
|2000= 215
|2010= 227
|2020= 222
|estyear=2021
|estimate=218
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status = dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 215 people, 86 households, and 63 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|68.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.40% of the population.

There were eighty-six households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, with 60.5% living together as [[Marriage|married couples]], 9.3% documented as a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% which were documented as non-families. Additionally, individuals 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals with 11.6% that had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.5 and the average family size was 2.94.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.1% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 5.1% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 31.2% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 18.6% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 20.0% who were sixty-five years of age or older.

The median age of residents was thirty-six years. For every one hundred females there were eighty-seven males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were roughly ninety-six males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,594, and the median income for a family was $39,844. Males had a median income of $31,250 compared with that of $21,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,981.

Only 2.7% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]]. None of those living in poverty were under the age of eighteen or living with families; however, 8.7% of those who were documented as impoverished were aged sixty-four or older.

As of 2017, the population of New Columbus was 222.<ref name="USCensusEst2017">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2017.html|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|access-date=March 24, 2018}}</ref>

