==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 204
|1880= 164
|1890= 172
|1900= 156
|1910= 136
|1920= 183
|1930= 195
|1940= 209
|1950= 209
|1960= 226
|1970= 303
|1980= 164
|1990= 152
|2000= 193
|2010= 151
|2020= 151
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2013-01-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 151 people, 60 households, and 44 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|559.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 42.2 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 193 people, 71 households, and 59 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|707.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.63% of the population.

There were 71 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.5% were non-families. 11.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 112.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,750, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,026. About 10.6% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

