==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 2298
|1930= 1876
|1940= 1452
|1950= 1556
|1960= 1447
|1970= 1651
|1980= 1479
|1990= 1686
|2000= 1558
|2010= 1342
|2020= 1087
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Glenmora racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2229220&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov|archive-date=December 29, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20211229140541/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2229220&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|url-status=live}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|Caucasian or White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 650
| 59.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American or Black]] (non-Hispanic)
| 279
| 25.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 7
| 0.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.46%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Biracial or Multiracial]]
| 45
| 4.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 100
| 9.2%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,087 people, 463 households, and 320 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=March 13, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210313211544/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,558 people, 615 households, and 415 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|897.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 700 housing units at an average density of {{convert|403.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.44% of the population.

There were 615 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,736, and the median income for a family was $26,739. Males had a median income of $26,328 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,535. About 22.1% of families and 27.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.5% of those under age 18 and 20.8% of those age 65 or over.

