==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 416
|1910= 465
|1920= 459
|1930= 490
|1940= 569
|1950= 632
|1960= 711
|1970= 1050
|1980= 1645
|1990= 1414
|2000= 1375
|2010= 1454
|2020= 1261
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,454 people, 635 households, and 418 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1077.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 690 housing units at an average density of {{convert|511.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 635 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 42.8 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,375 people, 591 households and 397 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,195.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 627 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population. Reese's ancestral background is mainly [[German people|German]] with 51%. 10% are [[Polish people|Polish]], 9% [[English people|English]], 9% [[French people|French]], 8% [[Irish people|Irish]] and 4% from the United States.

There were 591 households, of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.86.

22.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $40,469 and the median family income was $50,556. Males had a median income of $40,938 compared with $25,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,498. About 3.2% of families and 4.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

