==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 94
|1910= 300
|1920= 199
|1930= 176
|1940= 195
|1950= 188
|1960= 198
|1970= 159
|1980= 136
|1990= 130
|2000= 105
|2010= 84
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 84 people, 42 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|600.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 11.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.54.

The median age in the village was 52 years. 10.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 34.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 105 people, 54 households, and 32 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|781.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|491.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.1% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 19.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 39.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $17,500, and the median income for a family was $19,375. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $33,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,279. There were 10.3% of families and 16.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of under eighteens and 11.5% of those over 64.

