==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 244
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 143 people, 52 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|439.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 31.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 67.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.10% of the population.

There were 52 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.56.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $8,036, and the median income for a family was $8,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $3,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $2,778. There were 100.0% of families and 96.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under 18 and 45.5% of those over 64.

