==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2000= 135
|2010= 115
|2020= 121
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 121 people, 54 households, and 36 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 54.9 inhabitants per square mile (21.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 60 housing units at an average density of 27.2 per square mile (10.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 96.7% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.5% of the population.

Of the 54 households, 22.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% were cohabitating couples, 7.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 29.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.3% of all households were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 44.3 years. 24.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 and 44; 34.7% were from 45 and 64; and 14.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 58.7% male and 41.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 135 people, 52 households, and 38 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|68.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 52 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,097. There were no families and 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

