==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 894
| 1920 = 884
| 1930 = 1064
| 1940 = 903
| 1950 = 1089
| 1960 = 683
| 1970 = 858
| 1980 = 920
| 1990 = 867
| 2000 = 921
| 2010 = 970
| 2020 = 886
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 946
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Cotter racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0515490&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=January 1, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 784
| 88.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 7
| 0.79%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.45%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 68
| 7.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 22
| 2.48%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 886 people, 419 households, and 271 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,078 people, 472 households and 293 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|373.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.07% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.87% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.85% from two or more races.  1.52% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 545<ref name="American Fact Finder">{{cite web | url=https://www.census.gov | title=2010 Census Results | accessdate=April 9, 2011}}</ref> households, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,857, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $26,298 versus $17,266 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,893.  About 11.9% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

