==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 561
|1860= 638
|1870= 953
|1880= 1116
|1890= 1253
|1900= 1305
|1910= 1598
|1920= 1736
|1930= 1973
|1940= 2161
|1950= 2170
|1960= 2297
|1970= 2251
|1980= 2144
|1990= 2251
|2000= 1911
|2010= 1836
|2020= 1767
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1759
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,836 people, 817 households, and 447 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,040|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 871 housing units at an average density of {{convert|967.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.45% from two or more races. 1.3% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 817 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.3% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 57% from 18 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.5 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,071, and the median income for a family was $56,250. Males had a median income of $43,098 versus $31,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,110. 2.4% of the population and 6.9% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none of those under the age of 18 and 8.6% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

