==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 49
|1920= 29
|1930= 34
|1940= 68
|1950= 50
|1960= 87
|1970= 46
|1980= 55
|1990= 85
|2000= 59
|2010= 52
|2020= 66
|estyear=2025
|estimate=63
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 52 people, 34 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|192.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 5.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 55.9% were non-families. 55.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.53 and the average family size was 2.20.

The median age in the town was 58 years. 3.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.4% were from 25 to 44; 48.1% were from 45 to 64; and 28.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 59.6% male and 40.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 59 people, 28 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 225.6 people per square mile (87.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 45 housing units at an average density of 172.1 per square mile (66.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 28 households, out of which 10.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.9% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 44.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $48,125, and the median income for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $40,276. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

