==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 241
|1920= 330
|1930= 200
|1940= 206
|1950= 174
|1960= 168
|1970= 114
|1980= 106
|1990= 96
|2000= 86
|2010= 50
|2020= 53
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 50 people, 27 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|192.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref>

There were 27 households, of which 7.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.40.

The median age in the town was 58.7 years. 4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 36% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 86 people, 37 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|328.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.65% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 37 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 1.2% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $20,833 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,660. There were 13.6% of families and 17.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.8% of under eighteens and 26.7% of those over 64.

