==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 130
|1930= 88
|1940= 89
|1950= 62
|1960= 66
|1970= 70
|1980= 73
|1990= 70
|2000= 77
|2010= 48
|2020= 46
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 20 households, and 13 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|184.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 20 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 35.0% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the village was 49.5 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 8.4% were from 25 to 44; 45.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 77 people, 26 households, and 21 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|296.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 26 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 36.4% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $24,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,074. There were 23.8% of families and 27.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of under eighteens and 44.4% of those over 64.

