==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 108
|1980= 48
|1990= 53
|2000= 103
|2010= 78
|2020= 72
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Chignik Lagoon first appeared on the 1960 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village (although it probably had been a part of the earlier Chignik Bay settlement listed on the 1890 & 1910 U.S. Censuses when it was the site of some canneries). It did not appear on the 1970 census, but was made a census-designated place in 1980 and has appeared on every census since to date (2010).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 103 people, 33 households, and 22 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|7.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|5.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 11.65% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.97% Black or African American, 81.55% Native American, and 5.83% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 48.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 33.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 3.95.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 16.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 134.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 184.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $92,297, and the median income for a family was $99,054. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,941. There were no families and 1.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

