==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 38
|1950= 29
|1970= 25
|1980= 48
|1990= 42
|2000= 6
|2010= 29
|2020= 13
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web|date=April 11, 2012|title=In Rural Alaska, villages fight extinction once schools close|url=https://www.adn.com/alaska-news/article/rural-alaska-villages-fight-extinction-once-schools-close/2012/04/11/|access-date=June 21, 2021|website=Anchorage Daily News|language=en-US}}</ref>
}}
Lime Village first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as the unincorporated village of Hungry. It did not appear on the 1960 census. It returned in 1970 as Lime Village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

===2000===
{{disputed section|date=April 2020}}

As of the census of 2000, there were 6 people, 5 households, and 0 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 83.33% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 16.67% from two or more races.

There were 5 households, out of which none were married couples  living together, and 100.0% were non-families. 80.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.20 and the average family size was 0.00.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 66.7% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 200.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200.0 males.

===2010===
As of the census of 2010, there were 29<ref name="factfinder2.census.gov">{{Cite web | url=https://www.census.gov |title = U.S. Census website}}</ref> people and 11 households. The population density was {{convert|0.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 93.1% Native American (79.3% specified [[Alaska Native]]), and 3.4% from two or more races.

