==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 273
|1900= 587
|1910= 614
|1920= 800
|1930= 800
|1940= 907
|1950= 890
|1960= 968
|1970= 955
|1980= 869
|1990= 859
|2000= 893
|2010= 842
|2020= 804
|estyear=2021
|estimate=788
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 16, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 16, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 842 people, 372 households, and 211 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|395.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 428 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 372 households, of which 24.7% had children under age 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 44.1. 23% of residents were under 18; 6.1% were between 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.4% were from 45 to 64; and 27.2% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 893 people, 396 households, and 220 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|471.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 433 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.34% of the population.

Fertile has the nation's second-highest percentage of residents claiming Norwegian ancestry, at 54.4%.<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/Norwegian.html |title=Ancestry Search - Genealogy by City - ePodunk.com |access-date=2011-06-06 |archive-date=2017-12-04 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20171204114730/http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/Norwegian.html |url-status=dead }}</ref>

There were 396 households, of which 21.7% had children under 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 42.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.3% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 37.8% who were 65 or older. The median age was 49. For every 100 females, there were 79.7 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 72.8 males.

The median income for a household was $23,021, and the median income for a family was $30,192. Males had a median income of $27,344 versus $20,341 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $14,866. About 11.1% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.4% of those under 18 and 9.0% of those 65 or older.

