==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1089
|1920= 915
|1930= 810
|1940= 562
|1950= 442
|1960= 429
|1970= 469
|1980= 565
|1990= 583
|2000= 771
|2010= 822
|2020= 774
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The University of Michigan has its biological station in Pellston.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 822 people, 308 households, and 216 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|430.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 308 households, of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 34.1 years. 30.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 9.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 771 people, 260 households, and 199 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|402.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 308 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 89.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 260 households, out of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,292, and the median income for a family was $39,911. Males had a median income of $25,956 versus $20,013 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,047.  About 10.8% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

