==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 71
| 1930 = 74
| 1940 = 69
| 1950 = 33
| 1960 = 1109
| 1970 = 895
| 1980 = 921
| 1990 = 832
| 2000 = 791
| 2010 = 830
| 2020 = 989
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census, there were 989 people residing in the village.<ref name="GR2" />

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 census, there were 830 people residing in the village.<ref name="GR2" />

===Census 2000===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 791 people, 265 households, and 236 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|3,239.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,126.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.77% of the population.

Ancestries: Russian (10.5%), United States (9.7%), Arab (9.4%), Polish (5.8%), Hungarian (2.0%), Lithuanian (1.9%).<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Saddle-Rock-New-York.html |title=Saddle Rock, New York |accessdate=November 14, 2013}}</ref>

There were 265 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.9% were non-families. 8.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 15.7% from 25 to 44, 33.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $125,630, and the median income for a family was $137,962. Males had a median income of $92,073 versus $40,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $63,242. About 3.4% of families and 3.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over.

