==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1870= 1709
|1880= 1785
|1890= 2064
|1900= 1947
|1910= 2067
|1920= 2015
|1930= 2304
|1940= 2314
|1950= 2102
|1960= 1893
|1970= 1833
|1980= 1796
|1990= 1814
|2000= 1784
|2010= 1752
|2020= 1676
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1674
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four people, six hundred and ninety-five households and four hundred and forty-two families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,305.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were seven hundred and forty-nine housing units at an average density of {{convert|968.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.99% White, 0.39% African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.06% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, and 0.45% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.06%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the six hundred and ninety-five households, 26.8% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 49.2% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 30.5% of households were one person and 17.6% were one person aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.95.

The age distribution was 20.5% under the age of eighteen, 7.6% from eighteen to twenty-four, 24.4% from twenty-five to forty-four, 23.3% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 24.3% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-three years.

For every one hundred females, there were 86.0 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 82.2 males.

The median household income was $30,167 and the median family income was $35,326. Males had a median income of $31,542 compared with that of $20,395 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $14,698.

Roughly 9.5% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.5% of those who were aged sixty-five or over.

