==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 44
|2000= 42
|2010= 28
|2020= 20
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 28 people, 10 households, and 8 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.6% from two or more races.{{Citation needed|date=August 2023}}

There were 10 households, of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 2.75.{{Citation needed|date=August 2023}}

The median age in the village was 38.5 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 42.8% were from 45 to 64; and 3.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 64.3% male and 35.7% female.{{Citation needed|date=August 2023}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 42 people, 13 households, and 10 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 4.9 people per square mile (1.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 16 housing units at an average density of 1.9 per square mile (0.7/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 95.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.76% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=August 2023}}

There were 13 households, out of which 69.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.4% were non-families. 7.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.23 and the average family size was 3.45.{{Citation needed|date=August 2023}}

In the village, the population was spread out, with 38.1% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 40.5% from 25 to 44, 9.5% from 45 to 64, and 2.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.{{Citation needed|date=August 2023}}

The median income for a household in the village was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,925. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].{{Citation needed|date=August 2023}}

