==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 242 people, 96 households, and 69 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 3.2 people per square mile (1.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 118 housing units at an average density of 1.6/sq&nbsp;mi (0.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.37% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,545, and the median income for a family was $56,806. Males had a median income of $41,364 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,140. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

