==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 173
|1980= 163
|1990= 161
|2000= 162
|2010= 182
|2020= 151
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 162 people, 65 households, and 47 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|20.5|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|abbr=out}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.7|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were married couples living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,809. About 5.0% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.8% of those sixty-five or over.

