==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 488
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 494 people, 179 households, and 134 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|328.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of 128.9/sq mi (49.8/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 179 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,417, and the median income for a family was $41,458.  The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,702. About 3.0% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.

