==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 302
|1940= 250
|1950= 206
|1960= 133
|1970= 131
|1980= 87
|1990= 59
|2000= 57
|2010= 63
|2020= 51
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 30 households, and 16 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|217.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.7% were non-families. 46.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the town was 49.1 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.6% were from 25 to 44; 42.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 57 people, 25 households, and 14 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|183.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 25 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 44.0% were non-families. 44.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $37,750. Males had a median income of $0 versus $6,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,849. There were 30.8% of families and 54.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

