==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 100
|1890= 240
|1900= 228
|1910= 266
|1920= 223
|1930= 245
|1940= 313
|1950= 302
|1960= 314
|1970= 314
|1980= 301
|1990= 315
|2000= 291
|2010= 276
|2020= 253
|estyear=2021
|estimate=253
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 291 people, 118 households, and 82 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|340.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 99.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of eighteen, 8.2% from eighteen to twenty-four, 31.3% from twenty-five to forty-four, 23.0% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 16.2% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-seven years.

For every one hundred females there were 90.2 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $32,250. Males had a median income of $31,500 compared with that of $19,167 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,492.

Roughly 11.1% of families and 10.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.0% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

