==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 195
|1940= 219
|1950= 197
|1960= 185
|1970= 176
|1980= 210
|1990= 178
|2000= 127
|2010= 155
|2020= 170
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2013-01-06}}</ref> of 2010, 155 people, 64 households, and 38 families resided in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1291.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 64 households, of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 36.7 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, 127 people, 48 households, and 36 families resided in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,040.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|442.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 48 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,821, and the median income for a family was $24,821. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,568. There were 23.3% of families and 26.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 37.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

