==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 462
|1880= 473
|1890= 485
|1900= 447
|1910= 518
|1920= 439
|1930= 458
|1940= 498
|1950= 510
|1960= 596
|1970= 581
|1980= 508
|1990= 489
|2000= 474
|2010= 663
|2020= 676
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> there were 663 people, 237 households and 173 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1441.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|573.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the town was 80.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.1% of the population.

There were 237 households, of which 43.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.9% had a male householder with no wife present and 27.0% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age was 35.4 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18, 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 28.2% were from 25 to 44, 22.2% were from 45 to 64 and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 474 people, 198 households and 129 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,054.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 212 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial make-up of the town was 74.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 1.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.43% of the population.

There were 198 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present and 34.8% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.95.

26.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64 and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $38,971 and the median family income was $41,563. Males had a median income of $36,071 and females $23,068 . The [[per capita income]] was $21,719. About 8.4% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.8% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

The Cecilton area has a small [[Amish]] community that was founded in 1999.<ref name=amishamerica>{{cite web|title=Maryland Amish|date=March 2011 |publisher=Amish America|url=http://amishamerica.com/maryland-amish/|access-date=October 6, 2017}}</ref> Amish families moved to the area from [[Lancaster County, Pennsylvania]], because of increasing costs and the declining amount of farmland there.<ref>{{cite news|last=Guy|first=Chris|title=Match made in Cecil County|work=The Baltimore Sun|date=June 27, 2003|url=https://www.baltimoresun.com/2003/06/27/match-made-in-cecil-county/|access-date=October 9, 2017}}</ref>

