==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 150
|1920= 152
|1930= 141
|1940= 182
|1950= 173
|1960= 119
|1970= 109
|1980= 124
|1990= 104
|2000= 115
|2010= 106
|2020= 100
|estyear=2022
|estimate=99
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 2, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 2, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 106 people, 45 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|123.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|57.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 45 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 115 people, 47 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|131.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.39% [[caucasian American]]0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.74% from two or more race

There were 47 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,063, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,322. There were 6.7% of families and 12.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

