==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1960 = 1066
| 1970 = 902
| 1980 = 1380
| 1990 = 2030
| 2000 = 2723
| 2010 = 4070
| 2020 = 5257
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Primera racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4859540&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 21, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|442
|8.41%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|13
|0.25%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|7
|0.13%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|13
|0.25%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|4
|0.08%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|19
|0.36%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|23
|0.44%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|4,736
|90.09%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''5,257'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 5,257 people, 1,537 households, and 1,165 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,723 people, 735 households, and 659 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,772.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 780 housing units at an average density of {{convert|507.7|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 14.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 89.57% of the population.

There were 735 households, out of which 54.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.3% were non-families. 8.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.70 and the average family size was 3.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.2% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $26,841, and the median income for a family was $27,292. Males had a median income of $19,167 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,897. About 28.8% of families and 29.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.2% of those under age 18 and 33.2% of those age 65 or over.

