==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 606
|1870= 884
|1880= 1021
|1890= 1326
|1900= 1516
|1910= 2049
|1920= 2308
|1930= 3091
|1940= 3375
|1950= 3699
|1960= 4355
|1970= 4876
|1980= 4715
|1990= 5218
|2000= 5273
|2010= 6072
|2020= 5936
|estyear=2021
|estimate=5925
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web |title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |work=Population Estimates |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/kennettsquareboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the borough was 42.8% non-Hispanic White, 7.2% Black or African American, 0.4% Native American, 0.8% Asian, and 3.3% were two or more races. 48.8% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |publisher=Usatoday.Com |access-date=August 19, 2014}}</ref>

As of the census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 6,072<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=June 26, 2017}}</ref> people, 1,868 households, and 1,242 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,679.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,967 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,745.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 73.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 12.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 27.88% of the population.

There were 1,868 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. Of all households, 28.2% were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77, and the average family size was 3.39.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $46,523, and the median income for a family was $54,948. Males had a median income of $35,978 versus $27,246 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $22,292. About 7.5% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.

