==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 479
|1920= 466
|1930= 467
|1940= 491
|1950= 505
|1960= 468
|1970= 452
|1980= 498
|1990= 436
|2000= 396
|2010= 379
|2020= 361
|estyear=2021
|estimate=362
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 379 people, 160 households and 102 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|1,895|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 185 housing units at an average density of {{convert|925|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.7% some other race, and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.9% of the population.

There were 160 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.89.

23.7% of the population were under the age of eighteen, 61.8% were aged eighteen to sixty-four, and 14.5% were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was 39.4 years.

The [[median household income]] was $46,667 and the median family income was $58,542. Males had a median income of $32,125 compared with that of $25,000 for females.

The [[per capita income]] was $18,594.

Approximately 14.4% of families and 15.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

