==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 2262
|1970= 4898
|1980= 5325
|1990= 5985
|2000= 6897
|2010= 6307
|2020= 6393
|estyear=2021
|estimate=6464
|estref=
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR2" /><ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Ohio|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1960/population-volume-1/37749282v1p37_ch02.pdf|date=1960|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=24 April 2020 }}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Ohio: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-37.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/morainecityohio,US/PST045221|title=Moraine city, Ohio|website=census.gov|accessdate=July 5, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2013-01-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 6,307 people, 2,613 households, and 1,625 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|681.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,918 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 81.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 2,613 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 37 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 6,897 people, 2,855 households, and 1,818 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|760.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.41% of the population.

There were 2,855 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,341, and the median income for a family was $41,792. Males had a median income of $35,133 versus $23,994 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,880. About 6.8% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.6% of those under age 18 and 6.1% of those age 65 or over.

