==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 53
|1970= 166
|1980= 186
|1990= 178
|2000= 189
|2010= 235
|2020= 262
|estyear=2022
|estimate=266
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 12, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 12, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 235 people, 94 households, and 66 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|230.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 33.9 years. 28.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.8% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 189 people, 78 households, and 49 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|184.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.65% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,458, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $17,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,173. About 1.9% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

