==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 1068
|1880= 1540
|1890= 1067
|1900= 1200
|1910= 668
|1920= 253
|1930= 253
|1940= 289
|1950= 166
|1960= 171
|1970= 217
|1980= 232
|1990= 227
|2000= 118
|2010= 118
|2020= 127
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website  }}</ref> of 2000, there were 118 people, 54 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|80.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.93% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.17% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were married couples living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 34.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 131.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,583, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $20,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $25,985. None of the population and none of the families were below the poverty line.
{{clear|left}}

