==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 346
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Woodson racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0576730&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 78
| 22.54%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 234
| 67.63%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 1.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 22
| 6.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 4
| 1.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 4
| 1.16%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 346 people, 141 households, and 82 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 445 people, 177 households, and 113 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|97.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 24.94% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 73.93% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.12% from two or more races.

There were 177 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,781. Males had a median income of $22,143 versus $30,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,854.  About 13.5% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

