==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 149
|1920= 324
|1930= 275
|1940= 328
|1950= 356
|1960= 414
|1970= 369
|1980= 349
|1990= 285
|2000= 319
|2010= 303
|2020= 304
|estyear=2021
|estimate=304
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 25, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 9, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 303 people, 148 households, and 77 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|631.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 148 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.0% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 44.9 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 319 people, 152 households, and 76 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|639.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.25% from two or more races. 52.5% were of [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 8.6% [[Polish people|Polish]], 6.1% [[finns|Finnish]], 5.8% [[United States|American]], 5.0% [[Irish people|Irish]] and 5.0% [[swedish people|Swedish]] ancestry.

There were 152 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 45.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,929, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,059.  About 2.7% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

