==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 133
|1900= 185
|1910= 500
|1920= 550
|1930= 519
|1940= 721
|1950= 762
|1960= 847
|1970= 696
|1980= 796
|1990= 762
|2000= 761
|2010= 715
|2020= 665
|estyear=2022
|estimate=666
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br/>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 715 people, 316 households, and 194 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1254.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|635.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 316 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 41.9 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 761 people, 336 households, and 191 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,338.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 367 housing units at an average density of {{convert|645.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 336 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 31.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,841, and the median income for a family was $37,778. Males had a median income of $35,250 versus $20,673 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,767. About 8.7% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

