==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 76
|1920= 79
|1930= 91
|1940= 138
|1950= 121
|1960= 113
|1970= 85
|1980= 95
|1990= 78
|2000= 76
|2010= 61
|2020= 63
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 61 people, 30 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|73.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|38.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races.

There were 30 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.7% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 76 people, 29 households, and 20 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|91.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.32% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, out of which 44.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $27,000 versus $12,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,485. There were 7.1% of families and 15.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

