==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 1170
|1930= 1259
|1940= 1311
|1950= 1628
|1960= 1726
|1970= 1486
|1980= 1382
|1990= 1154
|2000= 1082
|2010= 1017
|2020= 999
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=July 20, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,017 people, 472 households, and 252 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1338.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 600 housing units at an average density of {{convert|789.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 472 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.6% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 49.9 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,082 people, 500 households, and 280 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1481.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 611 housing units at an average density of {{convert|836.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the little city was 95.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.50% of the population. There were 499 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,553 and the median income for a family was $35,521. Males had a median income of $27,411 versus $18,304 for females. The per capita income for the city was $17,150. About 8.7% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

