==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 411
|1890= 880
|1900= 1030
|1910= 1317
|1920= 1324
|1930= 1291
|1940= 1418
|1950= 1867
|1970= 1818
|1980= 1825
|1990= 1507
|2000= 1558
|2010= 1329
|2020= 1480
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,329 people, 606 households, and 369 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|596.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 743 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 606 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,558 people, 636 households, and 403 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,198.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 745 housing units at an average density of {{convert|573.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.93% of the population.

There were 636 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,125, and the median income for a family was $38,603. Males had a median income of $26,458 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,205. About 6.3% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

