==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 875
|1900= 1758
|1910= 2663
|1920= 2796
|1930= 1953
|1940= 1822
|1950= 1233
|1960= 761
|1970= 696
|1980= 665
|1990= 545
|2000= 588
|2010= 425
|2020= 322
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 322 people, 149 households, and 85 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 110.7 inhabitants per square mile (42.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 183 housing units at an average density of 62.9 per square mile (24.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 1.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.2% of the population.

Of the 149 households, 24.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% were cohabitating couples, 27.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 29.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 43.0% of all households were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 21.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 and 44; 31.1% were from 45 and 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 425 people, 181 households, and 112 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|145.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 181 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 39.9 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 588 people, 236 households, and 159 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|200.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.68% from two or more races.

There were 236 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,568, and the median income for a family was $29,063. Males had a median income of $26,964 versus $18,500 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,846. About 22.3% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.2% of those under age 18 and 15.7% of those age 65 or over.

