==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1940= 972
|1950= 1612
|1960= 2681
|1970= 2607
|1980= 2134
|1990= 1965
|2000= 2570
|2010= 2770
|2020= 2988
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 Census===
As of the 2010 [[United States Census|census]]<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://www.census.gov |title = U.S. Census website}}</ref> the population was 86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (76% [[Non-Hispanic Whites|Non-Hispanic White]]), 2.2% Black or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.85% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.2% of the population.

===2000 Census===
As of the census <ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,570 people, 1,060 households, and 603 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|4,082.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,785.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.34% of the population.

There were 1,060 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $72,404, and the median income for a family was $101,622. Males had a median income of $65,156 versus $45,221 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $47,166. About 1.3% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

