==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 121
|1900= 120
|1910= 294
|1920= 290
|1930= 285
|1940= 271
|1950= 236
|1960= 247
|1970= 214
|1980= 180
|1990= 135
|2000= 130
|2010= 127
|2020= 108
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 23, 2016}}</ref><br>2017 Estimate<ref name="2017 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2017/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 22, 2019}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 127 people, 53 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|508.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 53 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.6% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the town was 40.3 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 130 people, 60 households, and 39 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|469.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|270.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 60 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,333, and the median income for a family was $20,417. Males had a median income of $21,094 versus $11,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,505. There were 17.1% of families and 19.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of under eighteens and 16.0% of those over 64.

