==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 291
|1920= 439
|1930= 441
|1940= 490
|1950= 478
|1960= 655
|1970= 728
|1980= 860
|1990= 860
|2000= 938
|2010= 887
|2020= 658
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020, there were 658 people, 341 households, and 231 families living in the village. There were 394 housing units, of which 53, or 13.5%, were vacant.<ref name="Census 2020 DP">{{Cite web | url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2245670| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Loreauville village, Louisiana| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=April 3, 2018| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213134326/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2245670| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref> The racial makeup of the village was 76.9% [[White Americans|white]], 21.9% [[African American]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asia]]n, 0.1% some other race, and 0.6% from two or more races. 1.1% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2020 DP" />

Of the 341 households in the village, 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were headed by married couples living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60, and the average family size was 3.19.<ref name="Census 2020 DP" /> 27.1% of residents in the village were under the age of 18, 9.3% were from age 18 to 24, 26.5% were from 25 to 44, 21.1% were from 45 to 64, and 16.0% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.<ref name="Census 2020 DP" />

Additional information is available through the [[American Community Survey]], most recently released for 2012 through 2016. During this period, 63% of all housing units were single-unit structures, 23% were mobile homes, and 14% were multi-unit structures. 13% of the housing units had been built since 1990.<ref name=DP04>{{Cite web | url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/16_5YR/DP04/1600000US2245670| title=Selected Housing Characteristics: 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP04): Loreauville village, Louisiana| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=April 6, 2018| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213103730/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/16_5YR/DP04/1600000US2245670| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

The estimated median annual income for a household in the village during 2012-2016 was $42,625, and for a family was $47,500. Male full-time workers had a median income of $61,094 versus $28,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,733. 27.0% of the population and 18.7% of families were below the poverty line, along with 39.4% of people under the age of 18 and 9.5% of people age 65 and over.<ref name=DP03>{{Cite web | url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/16_5YR/DP03/1600000US2245670| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2012-2016 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Loreauville village, Louisiana| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=April 3, 2018| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213094226/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/16_5YR/DP03/1600000US2245670| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

