==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 296
|1880= 298
|1890= 278
|1900= 232
|1910= 208
|1920= 177
|1930= 171
|1940= 200
|1950= 203
|1960= 265
|1970= 242
|1980= 289
|1990= 236
|2000= 246
|2010= 241
|2020= 171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
85.0% spoke [[American English|English]], 10.0% [[Dutch language|Dutch]], and 5.0% [[Pennsylvania Dutch]] as their first language.<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |title=Data Center Results |accessdate=August 15, 2013 |url-status=dead |archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130815140430/http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |archivedate=August 15, 2013 }}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 241 people, 93 households, and 62 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1338.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|572.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 93 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the village was 36.5 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 246 people, 89 households, and 60 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,502.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|604.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 1.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 89 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.46.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,357, and the median income for a family was $46,827. Males had a median income of $32,188 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,939. None of the families and 0.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

