==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 265
|1980= 253
|1990= 243
|2000= 234
|2010= 258
|2020= 228
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 258 people, 94 households, and 72 families residing in the town. There were 111 housing units, of which 94 were occupied. The racial makeup of the town was 91.1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 7.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from some [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 1.2% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name=census/>

There were 94 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.4% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.22.<ref name=census/>

The population was spread out, with 70.9% 18 years and over, 68.2% 21 years and over, 20.5% 62 years and over, and 19.4% who were 65 years and over. The median age was 39 years.<ref name=census/>
{{clear left}}

