==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 406
|1930= 518
|1940= 700
|1950= 1015
|1960= 929
|1970= 795
|1980= 878
|1990= 780
|2000= 747
|2010= 609
|2020= 672
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 747 people, 320 households, and 193 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|1,579.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 389 housing units at an average density of {{convert|822.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 95.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.95% of the population.

There were 320 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,024, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,944.  About 7.0% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

