==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 227
|2020= 175
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 189 people, 72 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|173.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 70.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,545, and the median income for a family was $35,208. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $16,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,937. About 17.6% of families and 21.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 47.6% of those sixty five or over.

