==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 260
| 1930 = 305
| 1940 = 198
| 1950 = 170
| 1960 = 175
| 1970 = 141
| 1980 = 300
| 1990 = 267
| 2000 = 368
| 2010 = 418
| 2020 = 405
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 368 people, 112 households, and 93 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 597.9 people per square mile (229.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 120 housing units at an average density of 195.0 per square mile (74.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.35% of the population.

There were 112 households, of which 42.9% had children under 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.1% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.11, and the average family size was 3.43.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $45,000 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $12,861. About 9.1% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.6% of those under age 18 and 1.9% of those aged 65 or over.

