==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 150
|1950= 136
|1960= 125
|1970= 125
|1980= 234
|1990= 248
|2000= 397
|2010= 470
|2020= 378
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 470 people, 146 households, and 118 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1021.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 185 housing units at an average density of {{convert|402.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 79.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 13.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 26.8% of the population.

There were 146 households, of which 52.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.2% were non-families. 15.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.22 and the average family size was 3.54.

The median age in the village was 30 years. 36.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 397 people, 136 households, and 102 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|947.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|355.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 11.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 21.41% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 43.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.3% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.44.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 34.0% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,706, and the median income for a family was $28,000. Males had a median income of $20,417 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,460. About 19.8% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.2% of those under age 18 and 28.6% of those age 65 or over.

