==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 356
|1890= 312
|1900= 623
|1910= 779
|1920= 1270
|1930= 984
|1940= 1020
|1950= 1341
|1960= 1186
|1970= 1141
|1980= 1090
|1990= 830
|2000= 806
|2010= 825
|2020= 653
|estyear=2021
|estimate=661
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 825 people, 362 households, and 217 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2291.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 452 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1255.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 362 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 42.1 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 806 people, 345 households, and 219 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,197.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 420 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,145.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 345 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,300, and the median income for a family was $21,875. Males had a [[median income]] of $25,000 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,539. About 28.3% of families and 33.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.7% of those under age 18 and 17.9% of those age 65 or over.

