==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1980 = 351
| 1990 = 291
| 2000 = 247
| 2010 = 207
| 2020 = 186
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Woodloch, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Woodloch%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 16, 2024}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref>[https://archive.today/20200213100822/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US4880144 American Factfinder: Woodloch Town, Texas.] 2010 United States Census Bureau. Accessed on June 23, 2017.</ref> there were 207 people, 68 households, and 58 families residing in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% Black or African American, 1.9% [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.7% of the population.

There were 68 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 85.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.7% were non-families. 13.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.04 and the average family size was 3.26

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.

In the 2015 [[American Community Survey]], The median income for a household in the town was $76,875 and the median income for a family was $83,750. Males had median earnings of $36,042 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $38,371. 2.3% of the population and none of its families were below the [[poverty line]].

