==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 395
|1890= 710
|1900= 657
|1910= 674
|1920= 681
|1930= 716
|1940= 685
|1950= 755
|1960= 727
|1970= 821
|1980= 856
|1990= 900
|2000= 994
|2010= 823
|2020= 724
|estyear=2021
|estimate=706
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 823 people, 377 households, and 228 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1751.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 437 housing units at an average density of {{convert|929.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 377 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 40.7 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 994 people, 408 households, and 261 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 2,091.3 inhabitants per square mile (799.6 /km<sup>2</sup>). There were 466 housing units at an average density of 980.4 per square mile (374.8 /km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.20% from two or more races.

There were 408 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,114, and the median income for a family was $30,104. Males had a median income of $24,306 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,704. About 20.2% of families and 23.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.0% of those under age 18 and 18.5% of those age 65 or over.

