==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1182
|1930= 1159
|1940= 1127
|1950= 1158
|1960= 1178
|1970= 1157
|1980= 1429
|1990= 1161
|2000= 1413
|2010= 1256
|2020= 1211
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 1183
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,256 people, 549 households, and 358 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2025.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 667 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1075.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 549 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 39.6 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64, and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,413 people, 592 households, and 397 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,199.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 679 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,057.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 592 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,358 and the median income for a family was $31,111. Males had a median income of $27,396 versus $19,028 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,406. About 16.8% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.

