==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 191
|1920= 189
|1930= 197
|1940= 160
|1950= 157
|1960= 96
|1970= 124
|1980= 143
|1990= 79
|2000= 106
|2010= 72
|2020= 69
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 72 people, 39 households, and 25 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|423.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, of which 10.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.20.

The median age in the city was 54.3 years. 8.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 106 people, 42 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|609.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|270.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 42 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.0% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $27,083. Males had a median income of $15,833 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,728. There were 16.1% of families and 17.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

