==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 167
|1920= 160
|1930= 295
|1940= 382
|1950= 463
|1960= 464
|1970= 399
|1980= 457
|1990= 384
|2000= 469
|2010= 446
|2020= 400
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 446 people, 195 households, and 102 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|252.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 241 housing units at an average density of {{convert|136.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 195 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.7% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 51.3 years. 17.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 34.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 469 people, 208 households, and 110 families living in the city.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>  The population density was {{convert|263.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.07% of the population.

There were 208 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.1% were non-families. 42.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.8% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 31.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $19,886 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,455.  About 6.0% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

