==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 170
| 1910 = 417
| 1920 = 461
| 1930 = 383
| 1940 = 431
| 1950 = 441
| 1960 = 464
| 1970 = 495
| 1980 = 454
| 1990 = 416
| 2000 = 446
| 2010 = 503
| 2020 = 487
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 503 people, 205 households, and 143 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|503.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.4% of the population.

There were 205 households, of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 37.1 years. 29.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 446 people, 191 households, and 123 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 442.5 people per square mile (170.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 214 housing units at an average density of 212.3 per square mile (81.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,404, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $31,364 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,142. About 4.6% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

