==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 485
|1990= 637
|2000= 825
|2010= 796
|2020= 686
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Lake Tanglewood racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4840804&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|616
|89.8%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|1
|0.15%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|3
|0.44%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|5
|0.73%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|0.15%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Some other race]] (NH)
|4
|0.58%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Multiracial]] (NH)
|13
|1.9%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|43
|6.27%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''686'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], 686 people, 318 households, and 243 families resided in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 825 people, 342 households, and 282&nbsp;families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|777.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 402 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.06% White, 0.73% Native American, 0.12% Pacific Islander, 0.36% from other races, and 0.73% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 1.94% of the population.

Of the 342 households, 24.6% had children under 18 living with them, 78.7% were married couples living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.5% were not families. About 14.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the village, the age distribution was 17.8% under 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 39.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 or older. The median age was 49&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 102.7&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females and over, there were 99.4&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the village was $67,344 and for a family was $76,641. Males had a median income of $61,944 versus $30,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $38,159. About 5.5% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under 18 and 4.8% of those 65 or over.

