==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1630
|1920= 1428
|1930= 1467
|1940= 1580
|1950= 1359
|1960= 1175
|1970= 962
|1980= 871
|1990= 550
|2000= 411
|2010= 194
|2020= 145
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing by Decades|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2/> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Kimball town, West Virginia – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Kimball town, West Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5443780&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Kimball town, West Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5443780&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|73
|50
|37.63%
|34.48%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|111
|78
|57.22%
|53.79%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|1
|0.00%
|0.69%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|1.38%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race or Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|10
|11
|5.15%
|7.59%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|0
|3
|0.00%
|2.07%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''194'''
|'''145'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 194 people, 78 households, and 52 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|776.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|532.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 37.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 57.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 5.2% from two or more races.

There were 78 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the town was 43 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.4% male and 54.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 411 people, 166 households and 107 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1578.6|PD/sqmi}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|894.9|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the town was 34.06% White, 63.26% African American, 0.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.43% from two or more races.

There were 166 households, of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.1% were married couples living together, 27.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.12.

24.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 62.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $17,333, and the median family income was $21,429. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,269. About 23.6% of families and 33.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.1% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

