==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 186
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 186 people, 77 households, and 66 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 164.5 inhabitants per square mile (63.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 89 housing units at an average density of 78.7 per square mile (30.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 95.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.2% of the population.

Of the 77 households, 7.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 84.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% were cohabitating couples, 10.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 1.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 14.3% of all households were non-families. 10.4% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 61.6 years. 17.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 12.4% were from 25 and 44; 27.4% were from 45 and 64; and 40.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

