==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 166
| 1930 = 153
| 1940 = 119
| 1950 = 91
| 1960 = 95
| 1970 = 104
| 1980 = 117
| 1990 = 127
| 2000 = 127
| 2010 = 94
| 2020 = 103
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 106
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 118 people, 49 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|287.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.46% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 2.54% from two or more races. 0.85% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 49 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 29.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,500, and the median income for a family was $26,000. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,572. There were 14.7% of families and 22.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

