==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 4549
|1940= 5248
|1950= 6301
|1960= 8796
|1970= 9561
|1980= 8198
|1990= 7335
|2000= 6831
|2010= 6518
|2020= 6429
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Number and Distribution of Inhabitants:Pennsylvania-Tennessee|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch09.pdf|work=Fifteenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref>"[http://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t U.S. Census Bureau Fact Finder]". United States Census Bureau. Retrieved 2011-05-21.</ref> there were 6,518 people, 3,099 households, and 1,807 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4,073.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 3,304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,065.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 87.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.40% from other races, and 1.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 3,099 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 20, 4.3% from 20 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 33.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the borough was $44,922, and the median income for a family was $56,199. Males had a median income of $42,903 versus $31,103 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $26,505. About 4.7% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

