==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 362
|1950= 595
|1960= 480
|1970= 389
|1980= 417
|1990= 259
|2000= 189
|2010= 177
|2020= 164
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]<ref group="note">The population of Richey was not recorded separately from Dawson County in the 1940 census.</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 177 people, 91 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|708.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|556.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.000% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 91 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the town was 49.5 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 26% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 189 people, 92 households, and 59 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|697.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|542.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.06% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 31.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $33,000. Males had a median income of $21,500 versus $13,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,684. About 10.0% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 8.1% of those 65 or over.

