==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 2447
|1890= 9250
|1900= 12086
|1910= 14246
|1920= 13428
|1930= 13291
|1940= 13115
|1950= 12574
|1960= 11266
|1970= 8556
|1980= 6484
|1990= 5152
|2000= 5858
|2010= 5990
|2020= 6263
|estyear=2021
|estimate=6245
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="CensusPopEst">{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=25 November 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020,<ref name="Census 2020"/> there were 6,263 people and 2,109 households residing in Steelton. The median household income was $47,556. The percentage of persons in poverty was 16.1%. The racial makeup of the borough was 44.0% White, 45.5% Black or African American, 0.2% Asian, and 8.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17% of the population.

As of the census of 2010,<ref>{{Cite web | title=American FactFinder - Results | url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150411124723/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table | access-date=2024-12-15 | archive-date=2015-04-11}}</ref> there were 5,990 people. The racial makeup of the borough was 48.7% White, 38.1% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 5.9% from other races, and 6.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 14.6% of the population.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,858 people, 2,312 households, and 1,518 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,215.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,533 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,390.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 62.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 31.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.48% of the population. 15.0% were of [[Germans|German]], 7.7% [[United States|American]], 6.0% [[Irish people|Irish]], 5.7% [[Italians|Italian]] and 5.4% [[Croatians|Croatian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

According to Census 2000, there were 2,312 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $34,829, and the median income for a family was $39,556. Males had a median income of $30,488 versus $24,701 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,612. About 9.1% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.5% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or older.

