==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 256
|1940= 220
|1950= 238
|1960= 271
|1970= 258
|1980= 254
|1990= 412
|2000= 468
|2010= 492
|2020= 471
| estimate=481
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref>
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1930–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popatl_04.htm Population Data for Atlantic County Municipalities, 1840 - 2000], WestJersey.org. December 6, 2010. Accessed March 21, 2013.</ref> 1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA714 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 714. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400115160 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Corbin City city, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212103940/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400115160 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_atl/corbincity1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Corbin City city]{{Dead link|date=November 2018 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}
Corbin City is the least-populous municipality with the city type of government in New Jersey. While there are municipalities with smaller populations, they are either boroughs, towns, townships or villages.<ref>[http://infoweb.newsbank.com/iw-search/we/InfoWeb?p_action=doc&p_docid=1086B46A54B38DD1&p_docnum=1&p_queryname=NaN&p_product=NewsBank&p_theme=aggregated4&p_nbid=D5AM58YPMTE4NTg0NzQ0OS4yODY4NjU6MTo3OnJhLTE4ODg "The Press Answer Guy"], ''[[The Press of Atlantic City]]'', February 20, 2005. Accessed August 10, 2007. "Another town, Corbin City, is the smallest city. In 2000's census, only 468 people lived there."</ref><ref>Procida, Lee. [https://www.pressofatlanticcity.com/news/top_three/corbin-city-the-smallest-town-in-new-jersey-fights-to/article_c746267c-7431-11df-9764-001cc4c03286.html "Corbin City, the smallest town in New Jersey, fights to preserve 'paradise'"], ''[[The Press of Atlantic City]]'', June 10, 2020. Accessed March 26, 2020. "Corbin City — Just before Route 50 weaves its way south into Cape May County, it bisects the state’s smallest city, a hamlet on the Tuckahoe River that has changed little in its nearly 90-year history — and whose people hope it never will.... There have been growing worries in recent years that it will be forced to change, though, because keeping the tiny government functioning has required putting a significant tax burden on homeowners in a town with a population of 520."</ref>

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 492 people, 185 households, and 130 families in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|64.2|/sqmi}}. There were 212 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.7|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 97.56% (480) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.41% (2) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.00% (0) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 1.22% (6) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.61% (3) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.20% (1) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 3.46% (17) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 185 households, 30.3% had children under the age of 18; 53.0% were married couples living together; 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present and 29.7% were non-families. Of all households, 24.9% were made up of individuals and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.18.<ref name=Census2010/>

23.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 29.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.1 years. For every 100 females, the population had 96.0 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 92.9 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 468 people, 172 households, and 120 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|59.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.99% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603415160.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Corbin City city, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170103192355/https://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603415160.pdf |date=2017-01-03 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 9, 2013.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400115160 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Corbin City city, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200210221535/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400115160 |date=February 10, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 9, 2013.</ref>

There were 172 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.21.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the city was $47,083, and the median income for a family was $56,000. Males had a median income of $35,938 versus $27,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,321. None of the families and 4.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 17.0% of those over 64.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

