==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 32
|1890= 51
|1920= 354
|1930= 494
|1940= 567
|1950= 724
|1960= 1062
|1970= 1156
|1980= 1060
|1990= 933
|2000= 1067
|2010= 1296
|2020= 1116
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Beulaville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3705660&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 684
| 61.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 278
| 24.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 9
| 0.81%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 6
| 0.54%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 47
| 4.21%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 92
| 8.24%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,116 people, 748 households, and 388 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,067 people, 442 households, and 274 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|734.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.81% of the population.

There were 442 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,059, and the median income for a family was $40,347. Males had a median income of $30,104 versus $24,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,571. About 15.4% of families and 18.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

