==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 126
|1940= 174
|1950= 232
|1960= 214
|1970= 220
|1980= 224
|1990= 209
|2000= 207
|2010= 54
|2020= 42
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1731992 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 42 people, 22 households, and 20 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|18.30|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|14.81|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 11.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.76% of the population.

There were 22 households, none of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 90.91% were married couples living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.09% were non-families. 9.09% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.09% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 1.86.

The village's age distribution consisted of 0.0% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 12.2% from 25 to 44, 58.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 141.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 141.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $85,357, and the median income for a family was $85,714. Males had a median income of $70,833 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $39,161. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

