==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 847
| 1930 = 862
| 1940 = 337
| 1950 = 312
| 1960 = 382
| 1970 = 383
| 1980 = 265
| 1990 = 149
| 2000 = 156
| 2010 = 125
| 2020 = 139
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 125 people, 65 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|833.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1013.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 65 households, of which 9.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.3% were non-families. 50.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 52.4 years. 12.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 44% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 [[census]], there were 156 people, 75 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,116.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|973.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>

There were 75 households, out of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.38.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 13.5% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 41.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,082. About 11.3% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.9% of those 65 or over.

