==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 120
|1890= 141
|1900= 142
|1910= 133
|1920= 100
|1930= 123
|1940= 147
|1950= 145
|1960= 141
|1970= 175
|1980= 155
|1990= 120
|2000= 130
|2010= 123
|2020= 122
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 123 people, 48 households, and 34 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1025.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|416.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.2% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 130 people, 46 households, and 35 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,061.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|383.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.85% of the population.

There were 46 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 23.9% were non-families. 15.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 33.8% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,667, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $41,667 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,332. There were no families and 2.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

