==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 311
|1970= 197
|1980= 127
|1990= 118
|2000= 150
|2010= 163
|2020= 149
|estyear=2024
|estimate=152
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 150 people, 57 households, and 42 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|139.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 2.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 57 households, out of which 45.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $29,531. Males had a median income of $45,833 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,021. There were 15.4% of families and 15.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

