==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|265
|1890|215
|1900|169
|1910|160
|1920|180
|1930|149
|1940|135
|1950|186
|1960|136
|1970|134
|1980|114
|1990|110
|2000|105
|2010|96
|2020|112
|source=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/><ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 112 people, 31 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 849.6 inhabitants per square mile (328.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 35 housing units at an average density of 265.5 per square mile (102.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 94.6% [[White Americans|White]], 1.8% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 31 households, 48.4% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% were cohabitating couples, 9.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 6.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 6.5% of all households were non-families. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 33.0 years. 33.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 33.9% were from 25 and 44; 17.0% were from 45 and 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 96 people, 34 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|800.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 47.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.5% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 28.5 years. 32.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 8.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 105 people, 37 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|834.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, out of which 54.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.2% were non-families. 13.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $28,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,747. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

