==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 211
|1910= 226
|1920= 277
|1930= 235
|1940= 253
|1950= 277
|1960= 213
|1970= 217
|1980= 180
|1990= 159
|2000= 132
|2010= 124
|2020= 110
|estyear=2022
|estimate=110
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 28, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 28, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 124 people, 55 households, and 30 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|238.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 55 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 45 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 31.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 132 people, 63 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|238.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 63 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.0% were non-families. 50.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 14.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $17,500, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,269. There were no families and 5.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.1% of those over 64.

