==Demographics==
===2010 census===
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1850= 306
|1860= 296
|1870= 394
|1880= 310
|1890= 289
|1900= 258
|1910= 263
|1920= 220
|1930= 186
|1940= 202
|1950= 197
|1960= 204
|1970= 224
|1980= 249
|1990= 238
|2000= 243
|2010= 250
|2020= 237
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 250 people, 104 households, and 68 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|156.25|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of 69.4 per square mile.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 96.8% White and 3.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.2% of the population.

Of the 104 households in this township, 29.8% had children who were under the age of eighteen living with them, 46.2% were married couples living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 28.8% of households were one-person households and 16.3% were one-person households with residents who were aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.96.

The age distribution was 24% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 59.6% who were aged eighteen to sixty-four, and 16.4% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was 39.7 years.

The median household income was $24,375 and the median family income was $31,250. Males had a median income of $31,071 compared with that of $19,167 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $15,601.

Approximately 12.2% of families and 10.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 9.5% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

===2000 census===
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 243 people, 103 households, and 71 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|152.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.77% White, 0.82% Asian, and 0.41% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 103 households in the township, 31.1% had children who were under the age of eighteen living with them, 57.3% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 28.2% of households were one-person households and 16.5% were one-person households with residents who were aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.88.

The age distribution was 24.7% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 3.3% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 28.0% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, 25.5% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 18.5% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-two years.

For every one hundred females, there were 94.4 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 84.8 males.

The median household income was $24,375 and the median family income was $31,250. Males had a median income of $31,071 compared with that of $19,167 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $15,601.

Approximately 12.2% of families and 10.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 9.5% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

