==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1940 = 89
| 1950 = 97
| 1960 = 113
| 1970 = 103
| 1980 = 79
| 1990 = 45
| 2000 = 72
| 2010 = 61
| 2020 = 130
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 131
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2020 United States census]] there were 130 people, 58 [[housing unit]]s, and 59 [[Family|families]] residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 463.3/km{{sup|2}} (1,251.4/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 30 housing units at an average density of 193.1/km{{sup|2}} (521.4/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 90% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]]. 1.39% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race, and 2.3% were [[Asian Americans|Asian]].

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 58 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.5% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 12.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,842. There were 20.0% of families and 19.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.<ref name="Census 20102" />

