==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 1273
|1960= 1105
|1970= 946
|1980= 987
|1990= 694
|2000= 657
|2010= 613
|2020= 685
|estyear=2021
|estimate=685
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 613 people, 260 households, and 171 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1156.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 305 housing units at an average density of {{convert|575.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 260 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 41.8 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 657 people, 270 households, and 190 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,199.3 inhabitants per square mile (461.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 316 housing units at an average density of 576.8 per square mile (221.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 90.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 270 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,722, and the median income for a family was $29,250. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,717. About 16.9% of families and 21.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.3% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

