==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 702
|1910= 932
|1920= 674
|1930= 493
|1940= 362
|1950= 322
|1960= 249
|1970= 249
|1980= 260
|1990= 226
|2000= 267
|2010= 203
|2020= 233
|estyear=2019
|estimate=216
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 203 people, 100 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|294.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.0% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 52.6 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 26.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 267 people, 124 households, and 77 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|646.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 31.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,750, and the median income for a family was $38,500. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $26,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,532. About 15.1% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.0% of those 65 or over.

