==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 944
|1930= 1222
|1940= 1044
|1950= 1043
|1960= 1007
|1970= 955
|1980= 1243
|1990= 1184
|2000= 1162
|2010= 1146
|2020= 996
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2010, there were 1,146 people, 437 households, and 314 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,292 people per square mile (884 people/km{{sup|2}}). There were 437 housing units at an average density of 874 per square mile (337.5 housing units/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 98.17% White, 0.35% Black, 0.17% Native American, 0.09% Asian, and 0.96% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.31%.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,455, and the median income for a family was $42,102. Males had a median income of $32,292 versus $20,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,717. About 6.1% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over. The unemployment rate in South Pekin was 6.2% as of March 2015. While higher than the national unemployment rate, this is lower than the state average and significantly lower than other communities in the metro area.

