==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 336
|1910= 362
|1920= 385
|1930= 385
|1940= 416
|1950= 427
|1960= 430
|1970= 439
|1980= 506
|1990= 513
|2000= 846
|2010= 1141
|2020= 1092
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,141 people, 423 households, and 306 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1607.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 443 housing units at an average density of {{convert|623.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 423 households, of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.7% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the town was 41.1 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.9% were from 25 to 44; 32.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 846 people, 273 households, and 229 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,230.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 273 households, out of which 50.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.1% were non-families. 13.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.10 and the average family size was 3.37.{{Citation needed|date=May 2026}}

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.3% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $65,000, and the median income for a family was $62,500. Males had a median income of $45,250 versus $26,528 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,434. About 0.9% of families and 2.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.8% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

