==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2020, there were 143 people, 56 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,300.4 people per square mile (442.5/km{{sup|2}}). There were 68 housing units at an average density of 524.2 per square mile (202.0/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 97.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.01% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.53.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $66,429. Males had a median income of $60,938 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $25,138. There were 27.7% of families and 10.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 58.8% of under eighteens and 45.5% of those over 64.

