==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 670
|1980= 761
|1990= 829
|2000= 945
|2010= 1116
|2020= 1073
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+French Settlement racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2227435&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 28, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 978
| 91.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 9
| 0.84%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 15
| 1.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 42
| 3.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 26
| 2.42%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,073 people, 348 households, and 240 families residing in the village. As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 945 people, 359 households, and 276 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|349.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 436 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 359 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,563, and the median income for a family was $41,518. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $18,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,660. About 5.6% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

