==Demographics==
{{Update|part=section|date=May 2026|reason=Needs more info for the 2020 Census}}{{US Census population
|1900= 148
|1910= 133
|1920= 133
|1930= 146
|1940= 127
|1950= 132
|1960= 196
|1970= 293
|1980= 195
|1990= 248
|2000= 277
|2010= 353
|2020= 572
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The median income for a household in the town was $75,000, and the median income for a family was $83,261. Males had a median income of $57,500 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $30,681. None of the families and 0.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 353 people, 127 households, and 98 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|339.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref>

There were 127 households, of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.8% were non-families. 17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the town was 42.9 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 38.5% were from 45 to 64; and 9.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 277 people, 103 households, and 77 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|282.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.81% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 103 households, out of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

