==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 117
|1950= 736
|1960= 954
|1970= 1045
|1980= 973
|1990= 915
|2000= 935
|2010= 852
|2020= 774
|estyear=2023
|estimate=747
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 852 people, 352 households, and 239 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|819.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|363.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 352 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 40.5 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 935 people, 359 households, and 266 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|895.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|364.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.32% of the population. 96.8% spoke [[American English|English]] and 3.1% [[Spanish language in the United States|Spanish]].<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=39&place_id=12476&cty_id=|title = Data Center Results}}</ref>

There were 359 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,319, and the median income for a family was $51,563. Males had a median income of $36,625 versus $24,783 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,277. About 4.0% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

