==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 653
|1900= 582
|1910= 583
|1920= 587
|1930= 467
|1940= 525
|1950= 409
|1960= 373
|1970= 261
|1980= 323
|1990= 296
|2000= 275
|2010= 253
|2020= 168
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 253 people, 109 households, and 70 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|872.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.4% from two or more races.

There were 109 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 39.8 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 275 people, 122 households, and 71 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|957.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|518.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 122 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $26,667. Males had a median income of $27,386 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,493. About 18.9% of families and 23.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.4% of those 65 or over.

