==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 79
|1940= 168
|1950= 180
|1960= 375
|1970= 714
|1980= 428
|1990= 390
|2000= 323
|2010= 334
|2020= 361
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Huntleigh city, Missouri – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Huntleigh city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2933850&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Huntleigh city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2933850&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Huntleigh city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2933850&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|314
|304
|style='background: #ffffe6; |320
|97.21%
|91.02%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |88.64%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|0
|3
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0.00%
|0.90%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.28%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|7
|style='background: #ffffe6; |10
|0.00%
|2.10%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2.77%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|3
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0.00%
|0.90%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.28%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|3
|10
|style='background: #ffffe6; |13
|0.93%
|2.99%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.60%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|6
|7
|style='background: #ffffe6; |16
|1.86%
|2.10%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.43%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''323'''
|'''334'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''361 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|} 

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 334 people, 121 households, and 94 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|334.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|136.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.3% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the city was 48 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 323 people, 122 households, and 103 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|324.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population.

There were 122 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.8% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.0% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 27.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was in excess of $200,000, as is the median income for a family. Males had a median income of over $100,000 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $104,420. 1.3% of the population and 2.2% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. None of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

