==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1890|287
|1900|328
|1910|423
|1920|381
|1930|377
|1940|310
|1950|328
|1960|355
|1970|433
|1980|483
|1990|539
|2000|564
|2010|599
|2020|600
|source=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2015 |publisher=Census.gov |df=mdy}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 600 people, 233 households, and 173 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,058.7 inhabitants per square mile (408.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 251 housing units at an average density of 442.9 per square mile (171.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.5% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from other races and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.8% of the population.

Of the 233 households, 40.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% were cohabitating couples, 16.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 21.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.8% of all households were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 36.6 years. 32.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 and 44; 22.8% were from 45 and 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 599 people, 232 households, and 165 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1426.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|585.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 98.7% White, 0.2% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.5% Asian, and 0.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.5%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 232 households 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband/wife present, 4.7% had a male householder with no husband/wife present, and 28.9% were non-families. 25.0% of households were one person and 10.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age was 37.3 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 564 people, 222 households, and 160 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,603.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 236 housing units at an average density of {{convert|670.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 99.82% White, 0.18% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.53%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 222 households 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were married couples living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 23.0% of households were one person and 13.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.99.

The age distribution was 27.8% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median household income was $42,054 and the median family income  was $49,583. Males had a median income of $30,809 versus $22,813 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,048. About 2.6% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.4% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

