==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 493
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[United States 2000 Census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 584 people, 205 households, and 160 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|286.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 277 housing units at an average density of {{convert|136.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.68% from two or more races.

There were 205 households, out of which people 42.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Same-sex marriage in New York|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.5% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $36,850, and the median income for a family was $42,721. Males had a median income of $32,344 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,105.  12.1% of the population and 9.2% of families were below the [[Poverty line in the United States|poverty line]].  Out of the total population, 27.3% of those under the age of 18 and 3.1% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

