==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 255
|1910= 353
|1920= 326
|1930= 316
|1940= 374
|1950= 246
|1960= 289
|1970= 315
|1980= 330
|1990= 332
|2000= 300
|2010= 279
|2020= 281
|estyear=2021
|estimate=278
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 279 people, 135 households, and 80 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|996.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|553.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 135 households, of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the village was 48.3 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 26.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 300 people, 150 households, and 85 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,070.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|578.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.67% of the population.

There were 150 households, out of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 36.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $30,972, and the median income for a family was $43,036. Males had a median income of $32,273 versus $19,135 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,148. About 5.5% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.2% of those 65 or over.

