==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1931
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Millers Creek racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3743160&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-21|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,708
| 88.45%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 11
| 0.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 15
| 0.78%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 56
| 2.9%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 141
| 7.3%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,931 people, 747 households, and 393 families residing in the CDP.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 2,112 people, 892 households, and 621 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|469.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1002 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 892 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

2014 Census Bureau data shows: the median income for a household in the CDP was $32,092 and the median income for a family was $39,975. Males had a median income of $42,314 versus $28,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,771. About 15.0% of families and 22.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

