==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2328
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,849 people, 573 households, and 468 families residing in this [[Unincorporated area|unincorporated community]]. The population density was {{convert|923.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 594 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of this [[Unincorporated area|unincorporated community]] was 66.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 29.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 40.02% of the population.

There were 573 households, out of which 45.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 14.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.19 and the average family size was 3.51.

In this [[Unincorporated area|unincorporated community]] the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in this [[Unincorporated area|unincorporated community]] was $36,991, and the median income for a family was $37,065. Males had a median income of $30,300 versus $16,983 for females. The [[per capita income]] for this [[Unincorporated area|unincorporated community]] was $18,023. About 11.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

