==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1930= 211
|1940= 214
|1950= 192
|1960= 182
|1970= 124
|1980= 122
|1990= 69
|2000= 51
|2010= 57
|2020= 53
|estyear=2024
|estimate=56
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 14, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 14, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 57 people, 25 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|103.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.3% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 56.0% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 51 people, 25 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|94.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 25 households, out of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.44.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 9.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 13.7% from 25 to 44, 41.2% from 45 to 64, and 29.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $29,792. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $11,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,138. There were 5.9% of families and 10.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

