==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1068
|1890= 1523
|1900= 1864
|1910= 2061
|1920= 2209
|1930= 2269
|1940= 2321
|1950= 2531
|1960= 2858
|1970= 2992
|1980= 2835
|1990= 3174
|2000= 4039
|2010= 5012
|2020= 5703
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5524550">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Evansville city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5524550&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 27, 2022}}</ref> the population was 5,703. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,752.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,363 housing units at an average density of {{convert|726.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.8% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 5.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,012 people, 1,942 households, and 1,304 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1542.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,067 housing units at an average density of {{convert|636.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 1,942 households, of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 34.7 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,039 people, 1,563 households, and 1,045 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,863.0 people per square mile (718.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,635 housing units at an average density of 754.1 per square mile (290.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 1,563 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 33.5% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,229, and the median income for a family was $58,451. Males had a median income of $35,614 versus $30,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,766. About 2.6% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

