==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 230
|1880= 276
|1890= 310
|1900= 390
|1910= 576
|1920= 433
|1930= 700
|1940= 706
|1950= 856
|1960= 950
|1970= 1064
|1980= 1112
|1990= 1030
|2000= 1047
|2010= 966
|2020= 924
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Per the [[2010 US Census]], Pleasant Hill had 966 people.  Among non-Hispanics this includes 949 [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3 [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]], 1 [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], & 1 from two or more races.  The [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] population included 12 people.

There were 406 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.89.

The village population was spread out, with 76.1% over the age of 18 and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.3 years. The gender ratio was 48.8% male & 51.2% female.  Among 406 occupied households, 79.1% were owner-occupied & 20.9% were renter-occupied.[https://wayback.archive-it.org/all/20151023151502/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml]

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,047 people, 442 households, and 288 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,372.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 483 housing units at an average density of {{convert|633.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 442 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,156, and the median income for a family was $31,029. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $16,534 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,682. About 10.8% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 21.0% of those age 65 or over.

