==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 351
|1920= 379
|1930= 356
|1940= 370
|1950= 395
|1960= 357
|1970= 369
|1980= 445
|1990= 373
|2000= 466
|2010= 570
|2020= 529
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 570 people, 262 households, and 162 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|318.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 262 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.2% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 45.6 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 466 people, 199 households, and 148 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 339.0 people per square mile (131.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 246 housing units at an average density of 179.0 per square mile (69.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 94.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,958, and the median income for a family was $39,792. Males had a median income of $37,188 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,918. About 3.8% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 3.5% of those age 65 or over.

