==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 260
|1890= 233
|1900= 199
|1910= 133
|1920= 113
|1930= 94
|1940= 142
|1950= 143
|1960= 176
|1970= 140
|1980= 117
|1990= 83
|2000= 55
|2010= 80
|2020= 72
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 80 people, 31 households, and 24 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|800.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 31 households, of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.6% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 28 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 20.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 55 people, 24 households, and 13 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|635.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 24 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 14.5% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,963. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

