==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 376
|1930= 470
|1940= 570
|1950= 935
|1960= 1216
|1970= 1246
|1980= 1059
|1990= 943
|2000= 981
|2010= 903
|2020= 949
|estyear=2022
|estimate=895
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 903 people, 313 households, and 220 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1641.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|661.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 30.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 62.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 313 households, of which 44.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.7% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.41.

The median age in the city was 31.6 years. 32.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 981 people, 339 households, and 240 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,803.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|720.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 41.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 54.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.26% of the population.

There were 339 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,500, and the median income for a family was $27,222. Males had a median income of $23,558 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,459. About 21.6% of families and 27.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.6% of those under age 18 and 20.3% of those age 65 or over.

