==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 304
|1890= 423
|1900= 750
|1910= 685
|1920= 754
|1930= 777
|1940= 863
|1950= 908
|1960= 1046
|1970= 1113
|1980= 1263
|1990= 1237
|2000= 1197
|2010= 1203
|2020= 1229
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,203 people, 487 households, and 297 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1972.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 531 housing units at an average density of {{convert|870.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 487 households, of which 29.0% had children under 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 40.9 years. 24.3% of residents were under 18; 7% were between 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,197 people, 483 households, and 308 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,002.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 503 housing units at an average density of {{convert|841.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.17% of the population.

There were 483 households, of which 28.8% had children under 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.7% who were 65 or older. The median age was 42. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,406, and the median income for a family was $46,339. Males had a median income of $31,081 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $18,106. About 2.3% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under 18 and 6.4% of those 65 or over.

