==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = 
| 1940 = 303
| 1950 = 402
| 1960 = 925
| 1970 = 1125
| 1980 = 1129
| 1990 = 1114
| 2000 = 1023
| 2010 = 1051
| 2020 = 1067
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
{{As of|2010|alt=As of the [[2010 United States census]]}}, there were 1,051 people residing in the village.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|access-date=January 31, 2008|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web|title=Roslyn Harbor, NY Population - Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts - CensusViewer|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Roslyn%20Harbor|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130615080247/http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Roslyn%20Harbor|url-status=usurped|archive-date=June 15, 2013|access-date=July 22, 2021|website=censusviewer.com}}</ref> The racial makeup of the village was 83.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 11.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.33% of the population.

===Census 2000===
{{As of|2000|alt=As of the [[2000 United States census]]}}, there were 1,023 people, 356 households, and 301 families residing in the village.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|858.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 367 housing units at an average density of {{convert|308.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.59% White, 1.27% African American, 4.99% Asian, 1.08% from other races, and 1.08% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.32% of the population.

There were 356 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.2% were married couples living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.4% were non-families. 12.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 31.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $128,295, and the median income for a family was $150,000. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $41,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $69,778. About 1.3% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 2.3% of those age 65 or over.

