==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 29
|1950= 81
|1980= 90
|1990= 39
|2000= 35
|2010= 15
|2020= 12
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Point Baker first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It reappeared on the 1950 census. It did not report again until 1980, when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 35 people, 13 households, and 9 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|36.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|23.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.43% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.86% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 5.71% from two or more races.

There were 13 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were married couples living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families, 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 25.7% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,000, and the median income for a family was $28,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,580. There were no families and 4.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

