==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 518
|1870= 846
|1880= 808
|1890= 1168
|1900= 1775
|1910= 1771
|1920= 1865
|1930= 2132
|1940= 2119
|1950= 2518
|1960= 2876
|1970= 2750
|1980= 2713
|1990= 2563
|2000= 4449
|2010= 4750
|2020= 2322
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,449 people, 1,080 households, and 697 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,094.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 38.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 59.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.47% of the population.

There were 1,080 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.1% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 44.1% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 195.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 221.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,977, and the median income for a family was $30,721. Males had a median income of $25,478 versus $23,462 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,125. About 20.7% of families and 25.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.1% of those under age 18 and 23.2% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
According to the 2010 Census, the town has a population of 4,750.  Of this, 2,571 (54.13%) were Black or African American, 1,850 (38.95%)  were White, 174 (3.66%) were some other race, 114 (2.40%) were two or more races, 21 (0.44%) were Asian, 16 (0.34%) were American Indian or Alaska Native.  4 (0.08%) were Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/SC/edgefield/2010|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170818045047/http://censusviewer.com/city/SC/edgefield/2010|archive-date=August 18, 2017|title=2010 Census Population of Edgefield, SC|url-status=usurped|access-date=August 6, 2023}}</ref>

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Edgefield racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4522795&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|969
|41.73%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,221
|52.58%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|5
|0.22%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|14
|0.6%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|78
|3.36%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|35
|1.51%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,322 people, 1,248 households, and 693 families residing in the town.

