==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 68
| 1900 = 223
| 1910 = 382
| 1920 = 342
| 1930 = 675
| 1940 = 681
| 1950 = 720
| 1960 = 779
| 1970 = 826
| 1980 = 950
| 1990 = 874
| 2000 = 800
| 2010 = 759
| 2020 = 678
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 684
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 800 people, 351 households, and 222 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,122.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 399 housing units at an average density of {{convert|559.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.75% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.12% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races.  1.38% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 351 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,381, and the median income for a family was $29,479. Males had a median income of $24,400 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,953.  About 8.4% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.3% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

