==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1920= 132
|1930= 176
|1940= 168
|1950= 130
|1960= 145
|1970= 155
|1980= 165
|1990= 142
|2000= 140
|2010= 126
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 140 people, 59 households, and 41 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|85.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.86% from two or more races.

There were 59 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $39,250. Males had a median income of $38,438 versus $27,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,097. There were 13.3% of families and 15.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of under eighteens and 9.4% of those over 64.

