==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 266
|1980= 373
|1990= 397
|2000= 466
|2010= 474
|2020= 497
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 466 people, 163 households, and 131 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|615.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|220.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.43% from two or more races. None of the population is [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race, or from other races.

There were 163 households, out of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.6% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $51,786, and the median income for a family was $60,313. Males had a median income of $45,673 versus $25,132 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,795. None of the families and 0.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 2.8% of those over 64.

