==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 261
|1880= 445
|1890= 414
|1900= 334
|1910= 298
|1920= 269
|1930= 251
|1940= 238
|1950= 216
|1960= 232
|1970= 319
|1980= 205
|1990= 161
|2000= 171
|2010= 143
|2020= 65
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 60
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 143 people, 40 households, and 33 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|332.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 71.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 25.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 29.4% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 52.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.5% were non-families. 15.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.58 and the average family size was 3.88.

The median age in the village was 27.5 years. 39.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 21% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 171 people, 50 households, and 42 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|401.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 77.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 21.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.73% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 48.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.0% were non-families. 10.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.42 and the average family size was 3.62.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 37.4% under the age of 42, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $37,143. Males had a median income of $35,375 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,887. About 28.0% of families and 34.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.9% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

