==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 89
|1900= 400
|1910= 283
|1920= 274
|1930= 361
|1940= 380
|1950= 381
|1960= 346
|1970= 231
|1980= 207
|1990= 154
|2000= 275
|2010= 249
|2020= 245
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 275 people, 122 households, and 86 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|759.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 122 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were married couples living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,625, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $45,625 versus $23,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,029. About 8.0% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.3% of those 65 or over.

