==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 640
|1920= 706
|1930= 726
|1940= 932
|1950= 1141
|1960= 1467
|1970= 1726
|1980= 1997
|1990= 1898
|2000= 2233
|2010= 2690
|2020= 2748
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

Middlefield is the center of the world's fourth largest [[Amish]] settlement, but very few actually live within the Village limits.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://groups.etown.edu/amishstudies/statistics/twelve-largest-settlements-2018/|title=Twelve largest settlements, 2018|website=Groups.etown.edu|date=August 7, 2018|accessdate=September 11, 2018}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,690 people, 1,186 households, and 678 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|892.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|427.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 1,186 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.8% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,233 people, 955 households, and 576 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|743.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,015 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.85% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 955 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,581, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $35,898 versus $26,302 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,400. About 6.5% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

