==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 417
|1930= 266
|1940= 176
|1950= 112
|1960= 86
|1970= 82
|1980= 157
|1990= 172
|2000= 231
|2010= 332
|2020= 296
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 332 people, 126 households, and 88 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|101.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races.

There were 126 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 231 people, 90 households and 64 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|70.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population. 33.3% were of [[Germans|German]], 11.8% [[United States|American]], 8.7% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 7.7% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 7.2% [[Irish people|Irish]] and 6.7% [[Italians|Italian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 90 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.95.

26.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $44,107 and the median family income was $48,750. Males had a median income of $38,000 versus $29,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,838. About 7.6% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.4% of those 65 or over.

