==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 433
| 1980 = 446
| 1990 = 466
| 2000 = 515
| 2010 = 410
| 2020 = 339
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 318
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 410 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 83.2% White, 1.2% Black and 2.0% from two or more races. 13.7% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

According to the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 515 people, 177 households, and 138 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|205.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The ethnic makeup of the town was 90.10% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 6.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. 9.51% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 177 households, of which 49.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.5% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.36.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 15.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $26,447. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $18,229 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,047. About 25.3% of families and 25.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 37.7% of those age 65 or over.

