==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 213
|1930= 193
|1940= 149
|1950= 109
|1960= 86
|1970= 100
|1980= 87
|1990= 85
|2000= 85
|2010= 76
|2020= 82
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 76 people, 33 households, and 25 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|422.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|216.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 78.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 14.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 33 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the town was 44.5 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.9% male and 46.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 85 people, 37 households, and 28 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|465.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 11.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 37 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.3% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 35.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town of Claire City was $35,156, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $35,556 versus $11,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,074. There were 8.0% of families and 4.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

