==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1890= 231
|1900= 254
|1910= 528
|1920= 473
|1930= 421
|1940= 386
|1950= 258
|1960= 235
|1970= 399
|1980= 1650
|1990= 1498
|2000= 1502
|2010= 1487
|2020= 1451
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1446
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,502 people, 612 households, and 452 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|1,111.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 632 housing units at an average density of {{convert|467.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 95.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 612 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of eighteen, 4.5% from eighteen to twenty-four, 24.8% from twenty-five to forty-four, 33.4% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 16.8% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-five years.

For every one hundred females there were 88.9 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $55,658, and the median income for a family was $69,226. Males had a median income of $50,433 compared with that of $29,375 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $29,581.

Roughly 1.5% of families and 2.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 3.9% of those who were aged sixty-five or over.
{{clear|left}}

