==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 133
|1910= 272
|1920= 708
|1930= 1025
|1940= 792
|1950= 946
|1960= 904
|1970= 734
|1980= 1023
|1990= 953
|2000= 993
|2010= 803
|2020= 787
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 803 people, 335 households, and 220 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1180.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|614.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 335 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 42.2 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 993 people, 373 households, and 258 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,530.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 438 housing units at an average density of {{convert|675.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.85% of the population.

There were 373 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $35,982, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $32,159 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,944. About 8.8% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.9% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

