==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 94
|1910= 169
|1920= 215
|1930= 229
|1940= 307
|1950= 367
|1960= 340
|1970= 373
|1980= 284
|1990= 139
|2000= 221
|2010= 204
|2020= 217
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 221 people, 103 households, and 66 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|821.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|449.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 4.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.07% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,281, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $39,028 versus $21,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,573. About 1.4% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 12.0% of those 65 or over.

