==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 158
|1910= 232
|1920= 311
|1930= 279
|1940= 338
|1950= 480
|1960= 458
|1970= 424
|1980= 405
|1990= 337
|2000= 255
|2010= 193
|2020= 176
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 193 people, 89 households, and 54 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|459.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 89 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.3% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 47.4 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 255 people, 115 households and 70 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|607.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|312.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.67% of the population.

There were 115 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.97.

25.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $33,438 and the median family income was $46,094. Males had a median income of $30,893 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,094. About 2.8% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.2% of those 65 or over.

