==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 211
|1930= 196
|1940= 194
|1950= 211
|1960= 214
|1970= 189
|1980= 219
|1990= 180
|2000= 212
|2010= 196
|2020= 229
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 196 people, 82 households, and 51 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|176.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 212 people, 92 households, and 63 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 190.7 people per square mile (73.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 110 housing units at an average density of 99.0 per square mile (38.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 87.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.42% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,000, and the median income for a family was $31,071. Males had a median income of $28,542 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,689. About 10.6% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.9% of those 65 or over.

