==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 208
|1880= 932
|1890= 1286
|1900= 1433
|1910= 1999
|1920= 1872
|1930= 2323
|1940= 2341
|1950= 2295
|1960= 2165
|1970= 2304
|1980= 1844
|1990= 1392
|2000= 1374
|2010= 1655
|2020= 1444
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Weldon racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3771780&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 307
| 21.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,053
| 72.92%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 11
| 0.76%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 42
| 2.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 27
| 1.87%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,444 people, 656 households, and 472 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,374 people, 532 households, and 358 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|775.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 624 housing units at an average density of {{convert|352.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 36.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 62.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 532 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,668, and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $26,154 versus $25,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,322. About 18.6% of families and 22.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.5% of those under age 18 and 16.1% of those age 65 or over.

