==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 285
|1920= 265
|1930= 250
|1940= 193
|1950= 173
|1960= 128
|1970= 129
|1980= 104
|1990= 69
|2000= 67
|2010= 63
|2020= 49
|estyear=2021
|estimate=49
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 63 people, 32 households, and 17 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|217.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 100.0% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.2%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 32 households 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were married couples living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.9% were non-families. 37.5% of households were one person and 12.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the village was 50.5 years. 17.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 42.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 67 people, 34 households, and 17 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|238.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 100.00% White.

Of the 34 households 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, and 47.1% were non-families. 44.1% of households were one person and 20.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.78.

The age distribution was 20.9% under the age of 18, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 31.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% 65 or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median household income was $30,417, and the median family income  was $16,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $26,250 for females. The per capita income for the village was $19,871. There were 36.4% of families and 28.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 53.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

