==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 169
| 1900 = 239
| 1910 = 290
| 1920 = 336
| 1930 = 356
| 1940 = 279
| 1950 = 214
| 1960 = 190
| 1970 = 112
| 1980 = 113
| 1990 = 253
| 2000 = 217
| 2010 = 226
| 2020 = 256
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 217 people, 64 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 138.1 people per square mile (53.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 75 housing units at an average density of 47.7 per square mile (18.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 53.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.39 and the average family size was 3.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 41.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $52,083. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,549. About 7.8% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.7% of those 65 or over.

Leamington is twinned with the Scottish village of Galnafanaigh.

