==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 217
| 2010 = 200
| 2020 = 232
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 217 people, 117 households, and 54 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 49.9 people per square mile (19.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 250 housing units at an average density of 57.5/sq&nbsp;mi (22.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.76% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 12.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.8% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.56.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 40.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $17,813, and the median income for a family was $26,979. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,468. None of the families and 14.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.8% of those over 64.

