==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 571
| 1900 = 400
| 1910 = 367
| 1920 = 519
| 1930 = 416
| 1940 = 393
| 1950 = 349
| 1960 = 333
| 1970 = 381
| 1980 = 480
| 1990 = 521
| 2000 = 483
| 2010 = 437
| 2020 = 424
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 515
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 483 people, 206 households, and 138 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 144.6/km{{sup|2}} (373.8/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 225 housing units at an average density of 67.3/km{{sup|2}} (174.1/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 97.10% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.45% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.21% from two or more races.  1.66% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 206 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $24,750 versus $18,182 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,118.  About 20.0% of families and 32.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 55.6% of those under age 18 and 29.7% of those age 65 or over.

