==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 135
|2020= 140
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 140 people, 61 households, and 32 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 514.3 inhabitants per square mile (198.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 69 housing units at an average density of 253.5 per square mile (97.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 80.7% [[White Americans|White]], 1.4% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 8.6% from other races and 9.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.6% of the population.

Of the 61 households, 18.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% were cohabitating couples, 18.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 27.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 47.5% of all households were non-families. 45.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 29.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 39.8 years. 17.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 32.9% were from 25 and 44; 22.1% were from 45 and 64; and 25.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 60.0% male and 40.0% female.

