==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 186
|1940= 168
|1950= 148
|1960= 189
|1970= 147
|1980= 333
|1990= 296
|2000= 308
|2010= 399
|2020= 428
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 399 people, 154 households, and 114 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|266.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|106.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.3% from two or more races.

There were 154 households, of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.0% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 308 people, 111 households, and 88 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|204.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population. 21.1% were of [[Germans|German]], 20.7% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 11.3% [[Finns|Finnish]], 10.9% [[Polish people|Polish]] and 10.5% [[Swedish people|Swedish]] ancestry.

There were 111 households, out of which 44.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.7% were non-families. 14.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 32.8% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,643, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $33,438 versus $19,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,510. None of the families and 2.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

