==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 513
|1930= 576
|1940= 901
|1950= 942
|1960= 1006
|1970= 956
|1980= 1366
|1990= 869
|2000= 709
|2010= 840
|2020= 896
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 31, 2014|df=}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 840 people, 354 households, and 217 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|866.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 383 housing units at an average density of {{convert|394.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 354 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the town was 37.8 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 709 people, 310 households, and 184 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|736.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 390 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.40% of the population.

There were 310 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,023, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $24,000 versus (?) females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,235. About 11.1% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.6% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

