==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 56 people, 24 households, and 13 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|7.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 71.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 44.64% of the population.

There were 24 households, out of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.8% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 28.6% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 10.7% from 45 to 64, . The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $18,125, and the median income for a family was $18,750. Males had a median income of $12,250 versus $8,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,408. In spite of Little America's 100% employment rate, 29.7% of the population is below the [[poverty line]], and 100% of the households responding to the census were tenants of absentee landlords.<ref>{{cite web |title=Poverty, All people in Zip Code Tabulation Area (ZCTA5) 82929 |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/vizwidget?g=860XX00US82929&infoSection=Poverty |website=United States Census Bureau |access-date=8 October 2022}}</ref>

