==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|132
|1920|124
|1930|110
|1940|138
|1950|159
|1960|156
|1970|134
|1980|142
|1990|107
|2000|118
|2010|117
|2020|112
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 112 people, 45 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 552.2 inhabitants per square mile (213.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 45 housing units at an average density of 221.9 per square mile (85.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White Americans|White]], 1.8% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from other races and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.7% of the population.

Of the 45 households, 46.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% were cohabitating couples, 4.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 13.3% of all households were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 2.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 41.3 years. 25.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 and 44; 26.8% were from 45 and 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 117 people, 43 households, and 31 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|585.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 44.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the city was 38.2 years. 29.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 118 people, 47 households, and 32 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|601.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|249.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.69% from two or more races.

There were 47 households, out of which 53.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,542, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $29,306 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,611. There were 7.9% of families and 5.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of under eighteens and 11.1% of those over 64.

