==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 217
|1900= 272
|1910= 394
|1920= 546
|1930= 576
|1940= 516
|1950= 514
|1960= 500
|1970= 547
|1980= 601
|1990= 629
|2000= 743
|2010= 788
|2020= 729
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 788 people, 303 households, and 213 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|433.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 303 households, of which 43.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 33.9 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 21.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 743 people, 310 households, and 202 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|408.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 351 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.29% of the population.

There were 310 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,736, and the median income for a family was $30,962. Males had a median income of $25,188 versus $15,769 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,623. About 12.5% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of those under age 18 and 21.7% of those age 65 or over.

