==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1930= 90
|1940= 104
|1950= 127
|1960= 117
|1970= 80
|1980= 93
|1990= 82
|2000= 89
|2010= 94
|2020= 85
|estyear=2022
|estimate=85
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 21, 2013 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 94 people, 34 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|65.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.3% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 88.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 8.8% were non-families. 8.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 35.3 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 8.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 89 people, 35 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|62.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of 24.7 per square mile (9.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 35 households, out of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,462. There were no families and 2.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.4% of those over 64.

