==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 89
|1930= 26
|1940= 43
|1950= 20
|1960= 189
|1970= 223
|1980= 537
|1990= 634
|2000= 720
|2010= 1094
|2020= 861
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,094 people, 415 households, and 273 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1272.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 494 housing units at an average density of {{convert|574.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.3% of the population.

There were 415 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the town was 33 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 56.9% male and 43.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 720 people, 268 households, and 201 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,060.8 people per square mile (408.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 310 housing units at an average density of 456.7 per square mile (176.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.67% of the population.

There were 268 households, out of which 42.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 5.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,406, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $38,250 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,446. About 3.2% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

