==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 694
|1890= 688
|1900= 770
|1910= 740
|1920= 649
|1930= 644
|1940= 642
|1950= 544
|1960= 428
|1970= 430
|1980= 445
|1990= 410
|2000= 415
|2010= 345
|2020= 305
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 345 people, 163 households, and 95 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|276.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 163 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 46.3 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 415 people, 182 households, and 117 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|333.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 182 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $29,519. Males had a median income of $22,422 versus $18,542 for females. The per capita income for the city is $11,890. About 12.8% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under age 18 and 25.6% of those age 65 or over.

