==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 434
|1880= 550
|1890= 552
|1900= 661
|1910= 833
|1920= 1015
|1930= 963
|1940= 1150
|1950= 1246
|1960= 1255
|1970= 1265
|1980= 1198
|1990= 1166
|2000= 1155
|2010= 1040
|2020= 962
|estyear=2022
|estimate=947
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2022"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=17 July 2019|language=en }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> 1,155 people, 470 households, and 306 families were residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,510.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 501 housing units had an average density of {{convert|655.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race (U.S. Census)racial makeup]] of the borough was 97.23% White, 0.69% African American, 0.69% Native American, 0.26% Asian, and 1.13% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latino of any race were 0.69% of the population.

Of the 470 households, 29.4% had children under 18 living with them, 46.0% were married couples living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were not families. About 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the borough, the age distribution was 26.7% under 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 or older. The median age was 40.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,938, and for a family was $34,038. Males had a median income of $31,296 versus $21,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,534. About 9.4% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.8% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

Linesville is within the Conneaut School District and is home to the district's administration offices, along with the Conneaut Area Senior High School and the Alice Shafer Annex.

