==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 290
|1840= 398
|1880= 537
|1890= 619
|1900= 615
|1910= 622
|1920= 673
|1930= 729
|1940= 921
|1950= 888
|1960= 937
|1970= 897
|1980= 801
|1990= 774
|2000= 1009
|2010= 763
|2020= 1256
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,009 people, 427 households, and 234 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,383.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 479 housing units at an average density of {{convert|656.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 427 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.0% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,271, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $24,643 versus $22,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,451. About 27.3% of families and 30.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.7% of those under age 18 and 24.4% of those age 65 or over.

