==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 109
|1930= 153
|1940= 200
|1950= 139
|1960= 149
|1970= 140
|1980= 145
|1990= 136
|2000= 142
|2010= 103
|2020= 94
|estyear=2022
|estimate=93
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 28, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 28, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 103 people, 41 households, and 32 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|381.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 41 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.0% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51, and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18, 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 23.3% were from 25 to 44, 34.9% were from 45 to 64, and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 142 people, 52 households, and 42 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|513.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 52 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,500, and the median income for a family was $44,000. Males had a median income of $29,250 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,296. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

