==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 196
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 76 people, 36 households, and 23 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|450.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.5% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 31.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,577. There were 20.0% of families and 28.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 90.0% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

