==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 17
|1950= 67
|1960= 85
|1970= 62
|1980= 89
|1990= 147
|2000= 222
|2010= 219
|2020= 200
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Cantwell first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village.<ref>{{cite web |title=Alaska - Number of Inhabitants |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/33973538v1ch11.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1940}}</ref> It was classified as a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.<ref>{{cite web |title=Characteristics of the Populations - Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_akABCD-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=May 1982}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 222 people, 102 households, and 59 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 65.32% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 22.52% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.80% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.01% from two or more races.  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.35% of the population.

There were 102 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 37.4% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 111.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $39,792. Males had a median income of $55,625 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,615.  None of the families and about 2.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 and older.

