==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 228
|1920= 321
|1930= 291
|1940= 283
|1950= 341
|1960= 296
|1970= 366
|1980= 274
|1990= 260
|2000= 270
|2010= 258
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 258 people, 91 households, and 63 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|232.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 91 households, of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.52.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 270 people, 100 households, and 71 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|244.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.11% from two or more races.

There were 100 households, out of which 46.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $26,000 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,910.  About 21.5% of families and 24.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.3% of those 65 or over.

