==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 139
| 1920 = 254
| 1930 = 282
| 1940 = 236
| 1950 = 309
| 1960 = 312
| 1970 = 371
| 1980 = 433
| 1990 = 282
| 2000 = 288
| 2010 = 211
| 2020 = 185
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 160
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Watson racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0573550&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 12, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|120
|64.86%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|54
|29.19%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|1.08%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|3
|1.62%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|6
|3.24%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 185 people, 115 households, and 68 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 288 people, 113 households, and 78 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,414.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|614.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 72.57% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 24.65% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.39% from two or more races.

There were 113 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $17,143, and the median income for a family was $33,889. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $15,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,631.  About 22.6% of families and 25.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.0% of those 65 or over.

