==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 674
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 641 people, 132 households, and 107 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|287.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Wanblee was 97.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.47% from two or more races.

There were 132 households, out of which 50.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.9% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.86 and the average family size was 5.35.

In the CDP, the [[Population (human biology)|population]] was spread out, with 47.6% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 13.4% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

About 68.9% of families and 72.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 72.9% of those under age 18 and 86.2% of those age 65 or over. The [[per capita income]] in Wanblee was $4,584. The median income for a household was $14,286, and the median income for a family was $14,844. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $17,917 for females.{{clear left}}

