==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000 = 501
|2010 = 456
|2020 = 481
|footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2016 |archive-date=March 2, 2013 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130302111640/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |url-status=live }}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2000, there were 501 people, 207 households, and 133 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|421.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 235 housing units at an average density of {{convert|197.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.80% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 207 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.01.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=March 19, 2023 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230319034959/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref>

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,375, and the median income for a family was $49,643. Males had a median income of $36,500 versus $35,938 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $22,015. None of the population or families were below the poverty line.<ref name="GR2" />

