==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 129
|1940= 158
|1950= 177
|1960= 115
|1970= 96
|1980= 97
|1990= 73
|2000= 78
|2010= 61
|2020= 58
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 61 people, 26 households, and 17 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|67.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.9% from two or more races.

There were 26 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 15.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 35.8 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 6.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 78 people, 32 households, and 23 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|83.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.28% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,541. There were no families and 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

