==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 314
|1890= 375
|1900= 444
|1910= 753
|1920= 770
|1930= 838
|1940= 1017
|1950= 1019
|1960= 1041
|1970= 1174
|1980= 1210
|1990= 1027
|2000= 1259
|2010= 1652
|2020= 1671
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Mount Pleasant racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3745140&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,474
| 88.21%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 66
| 3.95%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 12
| 0.72%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 67
| 4.01%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 48
| 2.87%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,671 people, 649 households, and 460 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 1,259 people, 473 households, and 353 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|900.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 521 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 93.09% White, 5.88% African American, 0.32% Asian, and 0.71% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.24%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 473 households 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 21.6% of households were one person and 9.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.

The age distribution was 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median household income was $48,207 and the median family income  was $55,568. Males had a median income of $36,900 versus $25,357 for females. The per capita income for the town was $21,556. About 2.3% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.9% of those under age 18 and 21.0% of those age 65 or over.

