==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1890= 161
|1900= 135
|1910= 183
|1920= 234
|1930= 233
|1940= 204
|1950= 122
|1960= 162
|1970= 150
|1980= 98
|1990= 132
|2000= 110
|2010= 91
|2020= 119
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 110 people, 51 households, and 27 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|141.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 68.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 31.82% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]].

There were 51 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living in them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.1% were non-families. 45.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,000, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $23,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,026. There were 23.1% of families and 15.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of under eighteens and 21.1% of those over 64.

