==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 229
| 1910 = 621
| 1920 = 711
| 1930 = 804
| 1940 = 875
| 1950 = 942
| 1960 = 986
| 1970 = 943
| 1980 = 1081
| 1990 = 909
| 2000 = 938
| 2010 = 946
| 2020 = 973
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1027
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 2, 2023}}</ref>
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 946 people, 404 households, and 241 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|647.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 449 housing units at an average density of {{convert|307.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 404 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 48.2 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 29.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 938 people, 411 households, and 246 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|649.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 448 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.07% from two or more races.

There were 411 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 34.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,848, and the median income for a family was $36,761. Males had a median income of $27,446 versus $19,091 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,514.  About 9.4% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.

