==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 199
|1890= 125
|1900= 221
|1910= 247
|1920= 276
|1930= 279
|1940= 292
|1950= 347
|1960= 394
|1970= 417
|1980= 443
|1990= 428
|2000= 391
|2010= 497
|2020= 507
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 497 people, 211 households, and 119 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|528.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.4% of the population.

There were 211 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the town was 40.8 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 21.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 391 people, 167 households, and 106 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,250.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|569.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.79% of the population.

There were 167 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,656, and the median income for a family was $50,208. Males had a median income of $32,159 versus $23,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,528. About 6.0% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

