==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 291
| 1920 = 317
| 1930 = 242
| 1940 = 238
| 1950 = 207
| 1960 = 177
| 1970 = 200
| 1980 = 252
| 1990 = 210
| 2000 = 188
| 2010 = 160
| 2020 = 157
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 155
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2015|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 188 people, 74 households, and 54 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|84.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|38.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.36% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.06% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 7.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.60% from two or more races. 10.64% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 74 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $25,469 versus $15,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,758. About 16.0% of families and 23.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.9% of those under the age of 18 and 17.4% of those 65 or over.

