==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 706
|1900= 861
|1910= 1005
|1920= 1087
|1930= 927
|1940= 983
|1950= 1032
|1960= 904
|1970= 1028
|1980= 1046
|1990= 954
|2000= 1140
|2010= 1059
|2020= 1034
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,059 people, 391 households, and 283 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1450.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 442 housing units at an average density of {{convert|605.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 12.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.4% of the population.

There were 391 households, of which 43.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the village was 34.7 years. 31.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,140 people, 425 households, and 308 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,551.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 460 housing units at an average density of {{convert|626.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 10.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.67% of the population.

There were 425 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $37,583, and the median income for a family was $42,381. Males had a median income of $28,864 versus $20,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,232. About 7.2% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

