==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 117
|1890= 144
|1900= 138
|1910= 89
|1920= 136
|1930= 113
|1940= 89
|1950= 88
|1960= 89
|1970= 94
|1980= 49
|1990= 36
|2000= 43
|2010= 35
|2020= 30
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 30 people, 7 households, and 5 families residing in the town. The population density was {{Convert|208.33|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|118.06|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 76.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 20.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.33% of the population.

There were 7 households, out of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.43% were married couples living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.57% were non-families. 28.57% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.57% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.20 and the average family size was 2.57.

The town's age distribution consisted of 16.7% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 11.1% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 200.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $74,375, and the median income for a family was $101,250. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $53,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $35,594. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

