==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 76
|1880= 446
|1890= 472
|1900= 821
|1910= 533
|1920= 586
|1930= 447
|1940= 656
|1950= 562
|1960= 537
|1970= 500
|1980= 659
|1990= 488
|2000= 483
|2010= 464
|2020= 467
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 483 people, 150 households, and 118 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 466.1 people per square mile (179.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 190 housing units at an average density of 183.4 per square mile (70.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 99.38% (480 people) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% (one person) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.41% (two people) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population (nine individuals).

There were 150 households, out of which 49.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.7% were non-families. 18.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.21 and the average family size was 3.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 38.5% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,792, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,477. About 9.5% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 3.5% of those age 65 or over.

