==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 78
|1910= 329
|1920= 405
|1930= 435
|1940= 524
|1950= 551
|1960= 438
|1970= 368
|1980= 359
|1990= 303
|2000= 225
|2010= 233
|2020= 224
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 233 people, 114 households, and 65 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|408.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|219.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 114 households, of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.0% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 53.3 years. 16.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.4% were from 45 to 64; and 27.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 225 people, 109 households, and 67 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|393.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.89% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 29.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,857, and the median income for a family was $34,821. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,767.  About 7.3% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those 65 or over.

