==Demographics==
{{update|section|date=July 2014}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000,{{update after|2014|7|12}} there were 1,477 people, 432 households, and 333 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 70.6 people per square mile (27.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 493 housing units at an average density of 23.6/sq&nbsp;mi (9.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (mostly Eastern [[Shoshone]]), 5.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.25% of the population.

There were 432 households, out of which 45.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.29 and the average family size was 3.75.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 37.2% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $18,906, and the median income for a family was $20,658. Males had a median income of $23,295 versus $22,885 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,700. About 42.9% of families and 42.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.8% of those under age 18 and 52.0% of those age 65 or over.

