==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 358
|1920= 512
|1930= 575
|1940= 623
|1950= 740
|1960= 1382
|1970= 1271
|1980= 1019
|1990= 978
|2000= 916
|2010= 885
|2020= 638
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Crenshaw Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2816460&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 7, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|137
|21.47%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|492
|77.12%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.16%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|6
|0.94%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|2
|0.31%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States Census]], there were 638 people, 351 households, and 239 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 885 people living in the town. 77.2% were [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 21.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from some other race and 0.3% [[Multiracial American|from two or more races]]. 0.8% were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 916 people, 339 households, and 244 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,213.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 385 housing units at an average density of {{convert|930.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was  71.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 27.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 339 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,781, and the median income for a family was $23,393. Males had a median income of $22,727 versus $17,768 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,372. About 29.0% of families and 28.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.8% of those under age 18 and 24.0% of those age 65 or over.

