==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 304
| 1890 = 631
| 1900 = 811
| 1910 = 1204
| 1920 = 1648
| 1930 = 1865
| 1940 = 2204
| 1950 = 2556
| 1960 = 2834
| 1970 = 3143
| 1980 = 3342
| 1990 = 3085
| 2000 = 3347
| 2010 = 3539
| 2020 = 3683
| footnote = [https://www.census.gov/population/cencounts/wi190090.txt WI Counties 1900–1990]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,539 people, 1,562 households, and 932 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1203.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,656 housing units at an average density of {{convert|563.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 1,562 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 40.2 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,347 people, 1,424 households, and 901 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,246.0 people per square mile (480.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,487 housing units at an average density of 553.6 per square mile (213.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. 0.33% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,424 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,635, and the median income for a family was $57,974.

