==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 294
|1920= 336
|1930= 187
|1940= 214
|1950= 145
|1960= 99
|1970= 94
|1980= 83
|1990= 71
|2000= 59
|2010= 59
|2020= 47
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 59 people, 27 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|125.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 27 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 37.6 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 59 people, 30 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|126.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.39% from two or more races.

There were 30 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.3% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,464, and the median income for a family was $18,750. Males had a median income of $16,667 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,750. There were 8.3% of families and 5.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

