==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 221
|1920= 218
|1930= 153
|1940= 145
|1950= 124
|1960= 73
|1970= 44
|1980= 20
|1990= 22
|2000= 13
|2010= 9
|2020= 6
|estyear=2024
|estimate=6
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 9 people, 5 households, and 2 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|69.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 5 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 60.0% were non-families. 60.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 52.5 years. 11.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.1% were from 25 to 44; 55.5% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 13 people, 4 households, and 2 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|98.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 4 households, out of which 2 had children under the age of 18 living with them, 2 were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 2 were non-families. Two of the households were made up of individuals, and 1 had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.25 and the average family size was 5.50.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 38.5% under the age of 18, 15.4% from 18 to 24, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 62.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 60.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,667, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $36,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,381. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

