==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 253
|1900= 180
|1910= 414
|1920= 2092
|1930= 1218
|1940= 1814
|1950= 2089
|1960= 1890
|1970= 1495
|1980= 1650
|1990= 1504
|2000= 1447
|2010= 1567
|2020= 1541
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]</ref><br />1870-2000 census<ref>[http://eadiv.state.wy.us/demog_data/pop2000/cntycity_hist.htm HISTORICAL DECENNIAL CENSUS POPULATION FOR WYOMING COUNTIES, CITIES, AND TOWNS]</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,567 people, 658 households, and 373 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|757.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 790 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 658 households, of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the town was 43.5 years. 18.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 42.2% male and 57.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,447 people, 611 households, and 381 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|721.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 782 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.86% White, 0.21% African American, .62% Native American, .14% Asian, .41% from other races, and .76% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 611 households, out of which 27 percent had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were married couples living together, 8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. Individuals living alone accounted for 35% of all households, and 17% of those living alone were over the age of 65 years. The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 2.84.

Within the town limits, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 7.7% between 18 and 24, 26.5% between 25 and 44, 24.1% between 45 and 64, and 19.2% who were over the age of 65 years. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,760, and the median income for a family was $37,583. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,847. About 9.2% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

