==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 431
|1930= 345
|1940= 406
|1950= 435
|1960= 410
|1970= 398
|1980= 356
|1990= 350
|2000= 301
|2010= 255
|2020= 205
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 255 people, 120 households, and 64 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|335.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 120 households, of which 23.3% had [[children]] under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.7% were non-families. 42.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 44.8 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 27.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 301 people, 133 households, and 82 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|395.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|207.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.00% of the population.

There were 133 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 109.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,393, and the median income for a family was $32,232. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $16,528 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,982. About 5.9% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 2.4% of those 65 or over.

