==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 114
|1970= 295
|1980= 364
|1990= 549
|2000= 620
|2010= 817
|2020= 804
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 and 2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Jupiter Island racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<br>
!Race
!Pop 2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Jupiter Island town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Jupiter+Island+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Jupiter Island town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Jupiter+Island+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|723
|719
|88.49%
|89.43%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|16
|9
|1.96%
|1.12%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|0
|3
|0.00%
|0.37%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|21
|19
|2.57%
|2.36%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]] (NH)
|0
|3
|0.00%
|0.37%
|-
|[[Other races (U.S. Census)|Some other race]] (NH)
|1
|4
|0.12%
|0.50%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races/Multiracial]] (NH)
|0
|13
|0.00%
|1.62%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|56
|34
|6.85%
|4.23%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''817'''
|'''804'''
|
|
|-
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 804 people, 332 households, and 194 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2020: Jupiter Island town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Jupiter+Island+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2020.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 817 people, 248 households, and 157 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2010: Jupiter Island town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Jupiter+Island+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2010.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

In 2010,<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 14, 2011|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> the population density was {{convert|227.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}} based on total area, and 303.4 people per square mile (117.1/km{{sup|2}}) based on land area. There were 762 housing units at an average density of 283.0 per square mile of land area (109.3/km{{sup|2}}).

In 2010, there were 248 households, of which 4.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were married couples living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, one had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.0% were non-families. 42.9% of households were made up of individuals; 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.74 and the average family size was 2.25.

In 2010, the age distribution was 4.0% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 16.9% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 47.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 63.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

In 2010, the median income for a household in the town was $199,167, and the median income for a family was over $250,000 (the [[United States Census Bureau|Census Bureau]] was not able to determine an exact amount). Full-time male workers had a median income of $191,000 versus $88,889 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $254,260. 9.2% of the population and 2.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]].

====Ancestry====
As of 2017, the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Jupiter Island are:<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|last=U. S. Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2020}}</ref>
*[[English American|English]] – 21.7%
*[[Americans|American]] – 12.3%
*[[Irish American|Irish]] – 11.5%
*[[German American|German]] – 9.7%
*[[Scottish American|Scottish]] – 6.2%
*[[Italian American|Italian]] – 4.3%

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there are 620 people, 285 households, and 190 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] is 88.0/km<sup>2</sup> (228.0/mi<sup>2</sup>). There are 494 housing units at an average density of 70.1/km<sup>2</sup> (181.7/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town is 94.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.42% from other races, and 1.77% from two or more races. 5.32% of the population are [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

In 2000, there were 285 households out of which 8.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[married couple]]s living together, 0.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 18.9% had someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.30.

The age distribution was 7.9% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 12.6% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 44.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 62 years. For every 100 females there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.0 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $200,000, as was the median income for a family. Males had a median income of $156,250 versus $129,545 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $200,087. 8.1% of the population and 3.1% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none were under the age of 18 and 2.7% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

