==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 2587
|1970= 3076
|1980= 2435
|1990= 1562
|2000= 1670
|2010= 1475
|2020= 1397
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1383
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 13, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 13, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|census of 2010]], there were 1,475 people, 707 households, and 435 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|13.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 818 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 707 households, of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.5% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the city was 51.1 years. 17.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 31.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]], there were 1,670 people, 735 households, and 530 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|15.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 801 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[American Indian (U.S. Census)|American Indian]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.60% from two or more races. 20.0% were of [[Germans|German]], 16.6% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 15.1% [[Finns|Finnish]], 6.8% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 5.8% [[English people|English]] and 5.2% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry.

There were 735 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 28.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,229, and the median income for a family was $37,137. Males had a median income of $38,214 versus $24,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,853.  About 3.6% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under the age of 18 and 1.9% of those 65 and older.

