==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1880= 756
|1890= 1158
|1900= 2175
|1910= 5046
|1920= 5256
|1930= 4979
|1940= 4810
|1950= 4101
|1960= 3334
|1970= 2710
|1980= 2128
|1990= 1470
|2000= 1291
|2010= 1220
|2020= 1082
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,291 people, 588 households, and 365 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,588.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 679 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,413.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 588 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 25.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 83.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $23,478, and the median income for a family was $30,357. Males had a median income of $23,529 versus $19,479 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $12,636. About 18.3% of families and 21.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

