==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 5549
|1970= 7771
|1980= 7110
|1990= 7623
|2000= 7765
|2010= 7692
|2020= 7720
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 7,692 people, 3,301 households, and 2,066 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2396.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3,505 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1091.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 3,301 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.4% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 43.9 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7,765 people, 3,260 households, and 2,122 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,424.7 people per square mile (936.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 3,377 housing units at an average density of 1,054.5 per square mile (407.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.09% of the population.

There were 3,260 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $54,536, and the median income for a family was $66,136. Males had a median income of $42,175 versus $33,237 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $25,354. About 0.3% of families and 2.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.6% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

