==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 243
|1930= 176
|1940= 139
|1950= 123
|1960= 89
|1970= 65
|1980= 122
|1990= 103
|2000= 114
|2010= 108
|2020= 87
|estyear=2024
|estimate=88
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 114 people, 48 households, and 30 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|48.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of 24.9 per square mile (9.6/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 82.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 17.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 48 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,750, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,478. There were no families and 6.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.0% of those over 64.

