==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1880= 87
|1890= 255
|1900= 300
|1910= 322
|1920= 350
|1930= 358
|1940= 463
|1950= 426
|1960= 442
|1970= 522
|1980= 651
|1990= 651
|2000= 701
|2010= 870
|2020= 834
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 834 people, 344 households, and 248 families in Galva.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 1,671.3 per square mile (645.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 380 housing units at an average density of 761.5 per square mile (294.0/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 94.6% (789) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (93.29% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.12% (1) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.36% (3) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.36% (3) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.56% (38) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 3.6% (30) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 344 households, 34.0% had children under the age of 18; 61.3% were married couples living together; 18.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.6% of households consisted of individuals and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 2.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 29.6% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

26.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 103.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $84,583 (with a margin of error of +/- $18,106) and the median family income was $105,313 (+/- $15,416).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $59,038 (+/- $10,699) versus $43,438 (+/- $7,325) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $50,068 (+/- $4,884).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 5.7% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under the age of 18 and 4.3% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Galva%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 870 people, 343 households, and 264 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1812.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|768.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 343 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.0% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 35.9 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 701 people, 273 households, and 206 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,487.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 297 housing units at an average density of {{convert|630.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.00% of the population.<ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-3-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 2000 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref><ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 1990 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref>

There were 273 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $47,212. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $20,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,021. About 6.2% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

===Religion===
Christian Churches are composed of a Galva Community Church congregation and the Galva Christian Church (Disciples In Christ) congregation within the city limits; Lone Tree Mennonite (Church of God in Christ - Holdeman) located six miles south, one-half mile east and one-quarter mile south of town; United Center Mennonite (Church of God in Christ - Holdeman) located three miles east and one mile north of town; Immanuel Lutheran Church (Missouri Synod) located seven miles south and five miles east.

