==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 1173
| 1980 = 1377
| 1990 = 1267
| 2000 = 1125
| 2010 = 1011
| 2020 = 977
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 951
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Foreman racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0524250&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 577
| 59.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 263
| 26.92%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 32
| 3.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 59
| 6.04%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 44
| 4.5%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 977 people, 552 households, and 305 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,125 people, 490 households, and 297 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|573.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 566 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 67.29% [[Light skin|White]], 27.29% [[Dark skin|Black]] or [[African Americans|African American]], 1.96% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.40% from two or more races. 2.04% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race. There were 490 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,176, and the median income for a family was $29,231. Males had a median income of $26,944 versus $18,229 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,202. About 18.2% of families and 26.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.9% of those under age 18 and 34.3% of those age 65.

