==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 504
|1890= 473
|1900= 497
|1910= 483
|1920= 439
|1930= 500
|1940= 510
|1950= 585
|1960= 750
|1970= 821
|1980= 695
|1990= 715
|2000= 685
|2010= 768
|2020= 749
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2020, there were 749 people, 328 households, and 207 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|550.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]],4.94% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.48% of the population.

There were 328 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $52,206, and the median income for a family was $71,750. Males had a median income of $39,265 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $27,672. About 9.7% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.0% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

