==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 259
|2020= 281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2000, there were {{formatnum:3746}} people, {{formatnum:1504}} households, and {{formatnum:1143}} families residing in the Zip Code Tabulation Area for the zip code (37886) that serves Walland.<ref name="census37886">U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census, "[https://archive.today/20200212052940/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=86000US37753&_geoContext=01000US%7C86000US37753&_street=&_county=&_cityTown=&_state=&_zip=37886&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=860&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=DEC_2000_SAFF&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry= Zip Code Tabulation Area 37886 Fact Sheet]."  Retrieved: December 2, 2007.</ref> The racial makeup of this area was 97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Asian American (U.S. Census)|Asian American]], and 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics and Latinos]] comprise 1% of the population.

Of the {{formatnum:1504}} households, 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24% were non-families.  The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.86.  77.5% of the population was 18 years of age or older with 12.4% being 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.3 years. The population was 50% male and 50% female.

The median income for a household in the area was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $43,042. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,337. About 9.2% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

