==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 220
|1890= 201
|1900= 213
|1910= 308
|1920= 310
|1930= 268
|1940= 279
|1950= 300
|1960= 273
|1970= 308
|1980= 272
|1990= 317
|2000= 300
|2010= 278
|2020= 256
|estyear=2021
|estimate=258
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were three hundred people, one hundred and twelve households and seventy-nine families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|478.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were one hundred and sixteen housing units at an average density of {{convert|185.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 96.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 2.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were one hundred and twelve households, of which 41.1% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.16.

29.0% of the population were under the age of eighteen, 8.3% from eighteen to twenty-four, 33.7% from twenty-five to forty-four, 20.7% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 8.3% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-six years.

For every one hundred females there were 98.7 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 86.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $37,917 and the median family income was $47,813. Males had a median income of $29,286 compared with that of $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $16,709.

Roughly 1.3% of families and 4.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those aged sixty-five or over. None were under the age of eighteen.

