==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 330
|1900= 375
|1910= 295
|1920= 231
|1930= 233
|1940= 250
|1950= 199
|1960= 126
|1970= 83
|1980= 71
|1990= 55
|2000= 73
|2010= 68
|2020= 63
|estyear=2021
|estimate=61
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 68 people, 31 households, and 19 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|200.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 31 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.7% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 51 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.3% were from 25 to 44; 44.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.9% male and 44.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 73 people, 29 households, and 20 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|230.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.74% of the population.

There were 29 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $14,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,630. There were 8.8% of families and 20.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 45.2% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

