==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 270
|1980= 314
|1990= 265
|2000= 241
|2010= 222
|2020= 196
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>{{cbignore}}<br/>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 241 people, 101 households, and 62 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|374.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|194.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.93% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 21.99% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.83% from two or more races. 0.83% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 101 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,536, and the median income for a family was $40,250. Males had a median income of $32,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,850. About 15.5% of families and 19.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.4% of those 65 or over.

