==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 917
|1890= 876
|1900= 810
|1910= 867
|1920= 1162
|1930= 1137
|1940= 1325
|1950= 1755
|1960= 2095
|1970= 2385
|1980= 2703
|1990= 3019
|2000= 3109
|2010= 3410
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=3518}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5571650">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Sauk City village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5571650&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 28, 2022}}</ref> the population was 3,518. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,282.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,572 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,020.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.3% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 6.0% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 6.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref>{{cite web|title=QuickFacts Sauk County, Wisconsin |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/saukcountywisconsin/AFN120217 |website=census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 20, 2023}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,410 people, 1,431 households, and 871 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2243.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,508 housing units at an average density of {{convert|992.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

Out of a total of 1,431 households, 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.93.{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,109 residents, 1,285 households, and 796 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,078.0 people per square mile (800.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,314 housing units at an average density of 878.3 per square mile (338.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.76% of the population.{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

Out of a total of 1,285 households, 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.99.{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

The median income for a household in the village was $36,378, and the median income for a family was $45,156. Males had a median income of $29,908 versus $22,996 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,705. About 10.0% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.{{citation needed|date=August 2022}}

