==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 232
|1890= 279
|1900= 260
|1910= 211
|1920= 198
|1930= 226
|1940= 198
|1950= 219
|1960= 197
|1970= 232
|1980= 188
|1990= 165
|2000= 216
|2010= 204
|2020= 200
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 216 people, 89 households, and 63 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|243.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|155.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 99.07% White, and 0.93% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2" />
There were 89 households, 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 25.8% of households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% 65 or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median household income was $43,333 and the median family income  was $46,500. Males had a median income of $38,333 versus $20,000 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $22,329. About 3.0% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

