==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 1642
| 2020 = 1522
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Wanchese racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3770920&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-21|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,342
| 88.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 14
| 0.92%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 63
| 4.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 97
| 6.37%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,522 people, 683 households, and 488 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,527 people, 614 households, and 432 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|325.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 690 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.83% of the population.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,250, and the median income for a family was $43,173. Males had a median income of $28,958 versus $21,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,492. About 5.1% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

