==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 417
|1920= 430
|1930= 275
|1940= 289
|1950= 186
|1960= 108
|1970= 90
|1980= 111
|1990= 101
|2000= 107
|2010= 105
|2020= 113
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}{{More footnotes needed|date=April 2023}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 107 people, 45 households, and 27 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|92.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 77.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 16.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.82% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 27.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $17,639, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $19,583 versus $43,750 for females. The per capita income for the village was $12,867. There were 10.7% of families and 20.2% of the population living below the poverty line, including no under eighteens and 7.9% of those over 64.

