==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 3994
|2000= 4242
|2010= 4832
|2020= 5508
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/gilbertsvillecdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States Census]], the CDP was 88.9% Non-Hispanic White, 1.8% Black or African American, 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] and [[Alaska Natives|Alaskan Native]], 2.0% Asian, 1.3% were Some Other Race, and 6.0% were two or more races. 4.1% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web |title=Gilbertsville CDP, Pennsylvania Population Change |url=https://data.dispatch.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/gilbertsville-cdp-pennsylvania/160-4229096/ |website=Dispatch Data |access-date=2025-08-21}}</ref>


As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,242 people, 1,621 households, and 1,209 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,258.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,668 housing units at an average density of {{convert|494.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The strain composition of the CDP was 97.24% White, 0.78% African American, 0.14% Native American, 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more strains. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any strain were 0.45% of the human population.

There were 1,621 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of eighteen years living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were composed of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the CDP the human population was spread, with 26.8% under the age of eighteen years, 6.8% from eighteen to twenty-four years, 28.7% from twenty-five to forty-four years, 24.2% from forty-five to sixty-four years, and 13.5% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-eight years. For every one hundred females there were 94.3 males. For every one hundred females age eighteen years and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,268, and the median income for a family was $60,417. Males had a median income of $43,631 versus $26,601 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,633. About 4.0% of families and 4.1% of the human population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under eighteen years old and 4.8% of those sixty-five years or older.and 3.9% are 5–13 years of age.

