==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 145
|1920= 130
|1930= 115
|1940= 128
|1950= 118
|1960= 167
|1970= 140
|1980= 137
|1990= 142
|2000= 153
|2010= 162
|2020= 158
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census]],<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 158 people, 66 households, and 47 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,705.8 inhabitants per square mile (658.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 67 housing units at an average density of 723.4 per square mile (279.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from other races and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.2% of the population.

Of the 66 households, 24.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% were cohabitating couples, 18.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 16.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 28.8% of all households were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 24.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 and 44; 24.7% were from 45 and 64; and 26.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census]] there were 162 people, 65 households, and 48 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1620.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 99.4% White and 0.6% from two or more races.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref>
Of the 65 households, 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.3% were married couples living together, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.2% were non-families. 24.6% of households were one person, and 12.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age was 42 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 18.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census]] there were 153 people, 56 households, and 43 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,004.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|773.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city  was 100.00% White, 0.00% [[African American]], 0.00% [[Indigenous peoples of the Americas|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asia]]n, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.00% from other races, and 0.00% from two or more races.  0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
There were 56 households; 33.9%  had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0%  were married couples living together, 0.0%  had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2%  were non-families. 23.2%  of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1%  had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.21.

The age distribution was 31.4%  under the age of 18, 5.9%  from 18 to 24, 25.5%  from 25 to 44, 20.3%  from 45 to 64, and 17.0%  who were 65 or older. The median age was 35 years.  For every 100 females, there were 112.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.9 males.

The median household income was $46,667 and the median family income was $46,667. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $25,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $16,294. 0.0% of the population and 0.0% of families were  below the poverty line.

