==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 229
|1920= 217
|1930= 167
|1940= 234
|1950= 193
|1960= 116
|1970= 130
|1980= 130
|1990= 89
|2000= 102
|2010= 102
|2020= 85
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=4 June 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=13 November 2012}}</ref> there were 102 people, 44 households and 29 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|102.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age was 47 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 24.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=31 January 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 102 people, 44 households and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|102.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 2.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 44 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.83.

25.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $28,125 and the median family income was $33,125. Males had a median income of $31,875 and females $15,000. The [[per capita income]] was $15,439. There were 18.5% of families and 19.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

