==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 698
|1920= 962
|1930= 1120
|1940= 1020
|1950= 915
|1960= 876
|1970= 814
|1980= 771
|1990= 659
|2000= 604
|2010= 727
|2020= 436
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=January 7, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 436 people, in 205 households, comprising 213 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 805.9 people per square mile. There were 271 housing units at an average density of 500.9 per square mile. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2020 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 97.9% White, with two Asian residents and seven residents of two or more races. The median age was 54.6 years.<ref name="Census2020">{{Cite web |date=2020 |title=Tangier town, District 6, Accomack County, Virginia |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Tangier_town,_District_6,_Accomack_County,_Virginia?g=0700000US510019194677520 |access-date=January 7, 2024 |website=[[2020 United States Census]]}}</ref>

Of the 205 households, 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40% were non-families. Lone individuals comprised 38.5% of all households, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09.<ref name="Census2020" />

===Demographic Decline===
Anthropologist Jonna Yarrington, who conducted ethnographic field research living on the island in 2017 and 2018, has published peer-reviewed scholarly research that shows that islanders' psychosocial wellbeing has suffered due to the stress of living on a disappearing (i.e., subsiding) island. Yarrington has shown that islanders contend with self-reported anxiety, panic, and despair, leading some to addictions or suicide, resulting from the island's economic stress, changes to social institutions and social spaces, and demographic collapse. Tangier is an important anthropological case demonstrating "environmentally-induced distress."<ref>{{Cite journal |last=Yarrington |first=Jonna |date=2026-03-15 |title=That sinkin’ feeling: Environmentally induced distress on a disappearing island |url=https://anthrosource.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/maq.70064 |journal=Medical Anthropology Quarterly |language=en |doi=10.1111/maq.70064 |issn=0745-5194|doi-access=free }}</ref>

