==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1890= 2398
|1900= 3817
|1910= 5426
|1920= 5998
|1930= 6950
|1940= 7082
|1950= 6176
|1960= 5118
|1970= 4504
|1980= 3703
|1990= 3206
|2000= 2952
|2010= 2845
|2020= 2711
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2710
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130602093844/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=2 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,952 people, 1,410 households, and 767 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|4,299.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,520 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,213.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.44% of the population.

There were 1,410 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 38.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.6% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.0% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of eighteen, 7.3% from eighteen to twenty-four, 28.7% from twenty-five to forty-four, 22.5% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 23.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-three years.

For every one hundred females there were 88.7 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,614, and the median income for a family was $37,730. Males had a median income of $27,054 compared with that of $21,250 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,217.

Roughly 6.8% of families and 11.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 10.9% of those who were aged sixty-five or over.

