==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 162 people, 68 households, and 36 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 34.0 people per square mile (13.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 92 housing units at an average density of 19.3/sq&nbsp;mi (7.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.70% from two or more races.

There were 68 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.6% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $53,906. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $35,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,285. None of the families and 3.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

