==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 99
|1990= 111
|2000= 70
|2010= 77
|2020= 91
|estyear=2024
|estimate=100
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 77 people, 43 households, and 25 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|256.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 7.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.32.

The median age in the city was 59.8 years. 5.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 7.8% were from 25 to 44; 44.2% were from 45 to 64; and 39% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 70 people, 37 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|233.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.6% were non-families. 48.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 37.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,242. There were 11.8% of families and 11.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 17.4% of those over 64.

