==Demographics==

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Buffalo Gap racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4811128&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|463
|85.27%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|8
|1.47%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.18%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|2
|0.37%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|2
|0.37%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|21
|3.87%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|46
|8.47%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''543'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 543 people, 222 households, and 158 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 316
|1970= 320
|1980= 387
|1990= 499
|2000= 463
|2010= 464
|2020= 543
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 463 people, 194 households, and 140 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|201.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 235 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 96.76% White, 0.22% African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.65% from other races, and 1.94% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.24% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $34,886. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,680. About 6.6% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 16.5% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or above.

