==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 546
|1900= 532
|1910= 800
|1920= 1160
|1930= 848
|1940= 771
|1950= 739
|1960= 612
|1970= 644
|1980= 701
|1990= 684
|2000= 779
|2010= 759
|2020= 629
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 759 people, 319 households, and 203 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|914.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 319 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the city was 34.1 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 779 people, 328 households, and 212 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|930.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 361 housing units at an average density of {{convert|431.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.02% [[White (people)|White]], 0.26% [[African American]], 1.54% [[Indigenous peoples in the United States|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian American|Asian]], and 2.05% from two or more [[race (United States Census)|race]]s. 1.16% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

There were 328 households, of which 36.6% housed children under the age of 18, 47.3% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $22,656 versus $21,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,246. 19.6% of the population and 14.7% of families were below the [[poverty threshold|poverty line]]. 30.7% of those under the age of 18 and 14.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

