==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 189
|1890= 472
|1900= 416
|1910= 352
|1920= 297
|1930= 262
|1940= 254
|1950= 305
|1960= 303
|1970= 396
|1980= 428
|1990= 393
|2000= 440
|2010= 457
|2020= 386
|estyear=2024
|estimate=475
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=February 3, 2026}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (Village)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 457 people, 166 households, and 122 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|408.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 166 households, of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 33.6 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 440 people, 167 households, and 112 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|384.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.73% of the population.

There were 167 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,857, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,620. About 17.3% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 27.0% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

