==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 115
|1890= 254
|1900= 585
|1910= 262
|1920= 260
|1930= 220
|1940= 207
|1950= 196
|1960= 181
|1970= 167
|1980= 168
|1990= 139
|2000= 129
|2010= 137
|2020= 114
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 137 people, 59 households, and 41 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|526.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 59 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.5% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the village was 44.2 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 21.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 129 people, 55 households, and 39 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|496.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 55 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,266. There were 11.1% of families and 15.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

