==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 270
|1920= 263
|1930= 355
|1940= 388
|1950= 307
|1960= 265
|1970= 255
|1980= 240
|1990= 191
|2000= 209
|2010= 211
|2020= 170
|estyear=2021
|estimate=168
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 211 people, 82 households, and 61 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|405.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 41.5 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 209 people, 85 households, and 57 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 411.1 people per square mile (158.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 113 housing units at an average density of 222.2 per square mile (85.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,469, and the median income for a family was $25,750. Males had a median income of $23,500 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,721. About 23.6% of families and 24.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.1% of those 65 or over.

