==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1910= 492
|1920= 733
|1930= 944
|1940= 1041
|1950= 1892
|1960= 1594
|1970= 1725
|1980= 1610
|1990= 1495
|2000= 1497
|2010= 1329
|2020= 1263
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> there were 1,329 people, 650 households and 357 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1527.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 768 housing units at an average density of {{convert|882.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 650 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present and 45.1% were non-families. 42.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 24.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age was 51.7 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18, 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 17.8% were from 25 to 44, 26.8% were from 45 to 64 and 31.8% were 65 years of age or older. The sex ratio was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 census,<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,497 people, 669 households and 426 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,771.2|/sqmi}}. There were 766 housing units at an average density of {{convert|906.3|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the city was 97.80% White, 0.20% African American, 0.07% Native American, 0.47% Asian, 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.53% from other races and 0.87% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.27% of the population.

There were 669 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present and 36.2% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.76.

21.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64 and 31.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,842 and the median family income was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,484 and females $19,167. The [[per capita income]] was $16,714. About 8.9% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.

