==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010=
|2020= 78
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] counted 78 people, 31 households, and 24 families in Centerville.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Centerville%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 42.4 per square mile (16.4/km{{sup|2}}). There were 33 housing units at an average density of 17.9 per square mile (6.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Centerville%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 80.77% (63) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (78.21% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 2.56% (2) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 2.56% (2) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 14.1% (11) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Centerville%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 3.85% (3) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Centerville%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 31 households, 38.7% had children under the age of 18; 67.7% were married couples living together; 12.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 22.6% of households consisted of individuals and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Centerville%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

35.9% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.4 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 138.1 males.<ref name=:0 />

