==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 135
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 110 people, 63 households, and 34 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|38.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 9.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.0% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.26.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 10.0% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 9.1% from 25 to 44, 48.2% from 45 to 64, and 30.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,346, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $61,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,635. There were 31.3% of families and 30.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

