==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 274
|1920= 372
|1930= 656
|1940= 603
|1950= 721
|1960= 800
|1970= 793
|1980= 1512
|1990= 1155
|2000= 1147
|2010= 1147
|2020= 1130
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,147 people, 504 households, and 315 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1124.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 581 housing units at an average density of {{convert|569.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.1% of the population.

There were 504 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 44.6 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,147 people, 504 households, and 312 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,067.3 people per square mile (413.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 612 housing units at an average density of 569.5 per square mile (220.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.75% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.11% of the population.

There were 504 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,758, and the median income for a family was $38,958. Males had a median income of $37,778 versus $17,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,897. About 7.6% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 19.6% of those age 65 or over.

