==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 172
|1970= 282
|1980= 228
|1990= 192
|2000= 175
|2010= 229
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=211}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 175 people, 76 households, and 52 families residing in the town.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|27.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of 13.8 per square mile (5.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 83.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 76 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,188, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,992. About 3.7% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.8% of those 65 or over.

