==Demographics==

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Happy Camp had a population of 905. The population density was {{convert|74.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Happy Camp was 483 (53.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 5 (0.6%) [[African Americans|African American]], 289 (31.9%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (0.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.1%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 30 (3.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 95 (10.5%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 73 persons (8.1%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Happy Camp CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0632030 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 405 households, out of which 56 (13.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 136 (33.6%) were married-couple households, 40 (9.9%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 108 (26.7%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 121 (29.9%) had a male householder with no partner present. 164 households (40.5%) were one person, and 80 (19.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.23.<ref name=DP1/> There were 197 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (48.6% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Happy Camp CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0632030 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 171 people (18.9%) under the age of 18, 41 people (4.5%) aged 18 to 24, 202 people (22.3%) aged 25 to 44, 249 people (27.5%) aged 45 to 64, and 242 people (26.7%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 49.7{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 100.7 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 505 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 405 (80.2%) were occupied. Of these, 243 (60.0%) were owner-occupied, and 162 (40.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

The Bigfoot Jamboree is an annual festival hosted by the Happy Camp Community Council.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.bigfootjamboree.org/about.html|title=About|website=Bigfoot Jamboree|access-date=2017-07-07|archive-date=2017-07-04|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170704121240/http://www.bigfootjamboree.org/about.html|url-status=live}}</ref> Happy Camp is situated along the "Bigfoot Scenic Byway," an 89-mile stretch of [[California State Route 96]] named by the [[United States Forest Service]]. The town has an 18-foot-tall Bigfoot statue made of recycled metal.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.bbc.com/travel/story/20150205-on-bigfoots-trail-in-remote-northern-california|title=On Bigfoot's trail in remote northern California|last=Murdock|first=Andy|access-date=2017-07-07|archive-date=2016-06-28|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160628041920/http://www.bbc.com/travel/story/20150205-on-bigfoots-trail-in-remote-northern-california|url-status=live}}</ref>

