==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000=31
|2010=24
|2020=136
|estyear=
|estimate= 
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br/>2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Furnace Creek first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2000 U.S. census]].<ref name=2000CensusCA/>

At the 2020 United States Census, Furnace Creek had a population of 136. The population density was {{convert|4.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 79 (58.1%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (1.5%) [[African Americans|African American]], 14 (10.3%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (2.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 16 (11.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 22 (16.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 33 persons (24.3%)..<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Furnace Creek CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0628021 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

There were 100 households, out of which 5 (5.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 17 (17.0%) were married-couple households, 6 (6.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 18 (18.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 59 (59.0%) had a male householder with no partner present. 68 households (68.0%) were one person, and 20 (20.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.36.<ref name=DP1/> There were 24 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (24.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Furnace Creek CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0628021 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref><br> The population consisted of 10 people (7.4%) under 18, 12 (8.8%) aged 18 to 24, 29 (21.3%) aged 25 to 44, 45 (33.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 40 (29.4%) who were 65 or older. The median age was 56.0 years.

There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 100 (74.1%) were occupied. Of these, 25 (25.0%) were owner-occupied, and 75 (75.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

