==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 497
|2000= 483
|2010= 466
|2020= 414
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 483 people, 188 households, and 141 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|41.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of 18.5 per square mile (7.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 68.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.41% from two or more races.

There were 188 [[household]]s, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,694, and the median income for a family was $32,167. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $21,932 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,383. 11.1% of the population and 11.0% of families were below the [[poverty]] line. Out of the total population, 10.1% of those under the age of 18 and 12.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

