==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 275
|1930= 414
|1940= 372
|1950= 405
|1960= 484
|1970= 418
|1980= 382
|1990= 219
|2000= 266
|2010= 217
|estyear=2022
|estimate=239
|estref=<ref>{{cite web | url=https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/the-plains-va-population | title=The Plains, Virginia Population 2022 (Demographics, Maps, Graphs) }}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=245
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 266 people, 110 households, and 70 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,035.1 people per square mile (395.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 118 housing units at an average density of 459.2 per square mile (175.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 89.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 10.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 110 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $45,313. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $33,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $27,909. About 13.7% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.8% of those 65 or over.

