==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 121
|1930= 191
|1940= 118
|1950= 102
|1960= 38
|1970= 16
|1980= 4
|1990= 12
|2000= 6
|2010= 9
|2020= 12
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|access-date=September 23, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130602094321/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=June 2, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 9 people, 6 households, and 3 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|9.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 9 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 11.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 6 households, of which 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the town was 60.8 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 55.5% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 66.7% male and 33.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 6 people, 4 households, and 2 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 6.5 people per square mile (2.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 5 housing units at an average density of 5.4 per square mile (2.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 4 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 50.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 2.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 66.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 66 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $75,487, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $79,000. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

