==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 15
|1870= 306
|1880= 370
|1890= 348
|1900= 398
|1910= 377
|1920= 379
|1930= 362
|1940= 408
|1950= 499
|1960= 547
|1970= 641
|1980= 632
|1990= 528
|2000= 547
|2010= 533
|2020= 531
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Mean prices in 2008: All housing units: $189,808; Detached houses: $191,528; Townhouses or other attached units: $186,187; Mobile homes: $116,429

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 533 people, 215 households, and 151 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|969.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|443.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.9% of the population.

There were 215 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 38.8 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 547 people, 199 households, and 159 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,036.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|426.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.78% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 44.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.1% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,833, and the median income for a family was $74,083. Males had a median income of $42,250 versus $12,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,188. About 2.0% of families and 4.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.5% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

