==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 343
|1950= 487
|1960= 494
|1970= 456
|1980= 709
|1990= 881
|2000= 1067
|2010= 1146
|2020= 998
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,146 people, 501 households, and 316 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1432.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 612 housing units at an average density of {{convert|765.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 501 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the town was 41.6 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,067 people, 446 households, and 297 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,488.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 612 housing units at an average density of {{convert|853.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 446 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,038, and the median income for a family was $46,094. Males had a median income of $36,406 versus $22,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,824. About 3.8% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.

