==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1112
|1920= 765
|1930= 689
|1940= 781
|1950= 695
|1960= 731
|1970= 723
|1980= 617
|1990= 530
|2000= 478
|2010= 457
|2020= 464
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 457 people, 195 households, and 132 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2077.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1022.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 195 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 39.9 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 478 people, 200 households, and 142 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,129.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,038.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.58% White and 0.42% African American.

There were 200 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,104, and the median income for a family was $33,333. Males had a median income of $29,844 versus $14,196 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,453. About 13.1% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.7% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.

