==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 513
|1990= 749
|2000= 891
|2010= 975
|2020= 824
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Berryville racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4807852&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 24, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|696
|84.47%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|36
|4.37%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|5
|0.61%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|5
|0.61%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.12%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|30
|3.64%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|51
|6.19%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''824'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 824 people, 493 households, and 376 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 891 people, 355 households, and 263 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|678.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 454 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.81% of the population.

There were 355 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,618, and the median income for a family was $35,990. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $19,853 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,478. About 13.7% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.2% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

