==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 101
|1920= 29
|1930= 45
|1940= 39
|1950= 29
|1960= 72
|1970= 34
|1980= 61
|1990= 96
|2000= 72
|2010= 89
|2020= 169
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=December 30, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Manley Hot Springs first reported on the 1910 U.S. Census as "Hot Springs", an unincorporated village. It was formally changed to Manley Hot Springs in 1957.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=manley&pg=PA49 | title=Geological Survey Professional Paper| year=1949|via=Google Books}}</ref> It became a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 72 people, 36 households and 19 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1.3|/sqmi}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.9|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the CDP was 73.61% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 23.61% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 2.78% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 36 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 47.2% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.58.

15.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 37.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $29,000 and the median family income was $59,583. Males had a median income of $36,250 and females $16,250. The [[per capita income]] was $21,751. There were no families and 9.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

