==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 160
|1890= 497
|1900= 677
|1910= 663
|1920= 749
|1930= 715
|1940= 852
|1950= 1098
|1960= 1097
|1970= 1190
|1980= 1213
|1990= 1202
|2000= 1260
|2010= 1218
|2020= 1244
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,218 people, 481 households, and 328 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|806.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 552 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 481 households, of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 29.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,260 people, 480 households, and 322 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|866.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 510 housing units at an average density of {{convert|350.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 480 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the village, 28.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.9% was from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% was 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,456, and the median income for a family was $47,250. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,614.  About 8.3% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.

