==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 294
|1890= 266
|1900= 308
|1910= 299
|1920= 230
|1930= 176
|1940= 200
|1950= 149
|1960= 134
|1970= 149
|1980= 135
|1990= 137
|2000= 105
|2010= 88
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 105 people, 47 households, and 32 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|269.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were married couples living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 24.8% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $33,333. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,532. There were 12.5% of families and 19.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 44.4% of under eighteens and 20.8% of those over 64.

