==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 431
|1920= 636
|1930= 357
|1940= 334
|1950= 250
|1960= 273
|1970= 209
|1980= 248
|1990= 196
|2000= 1230
|2010= 178
|2020= 145
|estyear=2021
|estimate=140
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The original [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] listed Troutdale with a population of 1,230, a very sharp increase from 192 in [[United States Census, 1990|1990]]. This, and the similarly anomalous figure of 30.89% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|black American]] population, was the result of a tabulation error in which much of the population of [[Wise County, Virginia|Wise County]]'s correctional facilities were counted as Troutdale residents. [https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/notes/cqr-va.pdf census revision]

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,230 people, 79 households, and 56 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 395.5 inhabitants per square mile (152.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 111 housing units at an average density of 35.7 per square mile (13.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 67.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.89% of the population.

There were 79 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,438, and the median income for a family was $45,833. Males had a median income of $24,258 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,139. About 3.2% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 2.9% of those age 65 or over.

