==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 164
|1910= 395
|1920= 394
|1930= 325
|1940= 404
|1950= 448
|1960= 338
|1970= 327
|1980= 320
|1990= 381
|2000= 470
|2010= 375
|2020= 429
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 375 people, 181 households, and 103 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|282.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 235 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 181 households, of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 42.8 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.
The town's mayor is James Rinde.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 470 people, 207 households, and 127 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|352.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 207 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,234, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $28,646 versus $23,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,727.  About 8.2% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

