==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=center
|1880= 109
|1890= 231
|1940= 643
|1950= 692
|1960= 646
|1970= 968
|1980= 1009
|1990= 923
|2000= 944
|2010= 886
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=854}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Moulton racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4849560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 25, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|560
|65.57%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|16
|1.87%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.12%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0.12%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|23
|2.69%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|253
|29.63%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''854'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 854 people, 369 households, and 224 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 944 people, 383 households, and 243 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,147.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 451 housing units at an average density of {{convert|548.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.14% of the population.

There were 383 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,865, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $18,971 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,284. About 7.7% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.

