==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 233
| 1920 = 286
| 1930 = 271
| 1940 = 348
| 1950 = 359
| 1960 = 348
| 1970 = 319
| 1980 = 371
| 1990 = 369
| 2000 = 437
| 2010 = 428
| 2020 = 350
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 428 people, 168 households, and 117 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|118.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 168 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 437 people, 163 households, and 109 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 122.2 people per square mile (47.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 170 housing units at an average density of 47.5 per square mile (18.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.29% from two or more races. 1.83% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 163 households, out of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,321, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,922. About 5.7% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 20.6% of those age 65 or over.

