==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 112
| 1970 = 128
| 1980 = 214
| 1990 = 185
| 2000 = 207
| 2010 = 992
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US4877620|title=Town of Westlake |publisher=Census.gov|access-date=February 28, 2022}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |access-date=2024-11-15 |website=Census.gov |language=en}}</ref>
| 2020 = 1623
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1920
|estref={{increase}}
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 207 people, 84 households, and 69 families residing in the town. Population estimates as of January 2019 are between 1,300 and 1,600, after several years of growth in several subdivisions. By 2020, its population was 1,623.<ref name=":0" /> The population density was {{convert|31.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town in 2000 was 95.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 43.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $128,375, and the median income for a family was $150,000. Males had a median income of $72,250 versus $41,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $59,206. About 2.9% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 7.7% of those 65 or over. According to a Residential Survey<ref>[http://www.westlake-tx.org/DocumentCenter/View/1567 Town of Westlake Resident Survey]. ETC Institute. May 2017</ref> conducted by the Town of Westlake and published in May 2017, 59% of residents have a combined household income of $500,000 or more.

