==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 2947
| 2000 = 2575
| 2010 = 2425
| 2020 = 2443
| estref   = 
| footnote = <ref>{{Cite web |url=http://www.dvrpc.org/data/databull/rdb/db82/appedixa.xls |title=DVRPC > Site Search |access-date=2017-02-07 |archive-date=2019-04-09 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20190409042424/https://www.dvrpc.org/data/databull/rdb/db82/appedixa.xls |url-status=dead }}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the population was 88.0% White, 1.8% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 7.2% Asian, and 0.9% were two or more races. 2.1% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |publisher=Usatoday.Com |access-date=2013-07-22}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,575 people, 791 households, and 745 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2,518.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 799 housing units at an average density of {{convert|781.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 791 households, out of which 51.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 88.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 5.8% were non-families. 4.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.26 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 36.9% from 45 to 64, and 5.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $121,151, and the median income for a family was $125,211. Males had a median income of $92,852 versus $51,532 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $42,653. About 2.1% of families and 2.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

