==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1870 = 225
| 1880 = 232
| 1890 = 194
| 1900 = 214
| 1910 = 189
| 1920 = 208
| 1930 = 251
| 1940 = 307
| 1950 = 453
| 1980 = 156
| 1990 = 182
| 2000 = 247
| 2010 = 245
| 2020 = 226
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 245 people, 119 households, and 63 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 29.3 people per square mile (11.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 142 housing units at an average density of 16.9 per square mile (6.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.88% of the population.

There were 119 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.3% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.9% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 39.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,917, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,396. About 10.1% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.4% of those 65 or over.

