==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 616
|1890= 654
|1900= 690
|1910= 703
|1920= 693
|1930= 767
|1940= 896
|1950= 942
|1960= 1057
|1970= 1159
|1980= 1145
|1990= 1148
|2000= 1223
|2010= 1283
|2020= 1424
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,283 people, 463 households, and 335 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|872.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 536 housing units at an average density of {{convert|364.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 463 households, of which 44.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 33.3 years. 31.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,223 people, 441 households, and 324 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|733.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 468 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 441 households, out of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for an individual in the city was $39,063, and the median income for a family was $47,656. Males had a median income of $33,889 versus $24,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,083.  About 5.3% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.

