==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 264
|1930= 417
|1940= 435
|1950= 609
|1960= 501
|1970= 502
|1980= 533
|1990= 532
|2000= 584
|2010= 540
|2020= 449
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 584 people, 213 households, and 146 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|595.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 247 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.7|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 49.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 42.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86% of the population.

There were 213 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.37.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.4% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,696, and the median income for a family was $27,125. Males had a median income of $27,143 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,542. About 24.1% of families and 23.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.6% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

