==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 78
|1970= 126
|1980= 148
|1990= 181
|2000= 368
|2010= 431
|2020= 431
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 431 people, 207 households, and 122 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|78.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 207 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.1% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.51.

The median age in the village was 48.9 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 28.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 368 people, 171 households, and 112 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|83.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 350 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 171 households, out of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.52.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 14.9% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 29.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,679, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $21,016 versus $15,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,382. About 6.3% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.9% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

