==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1910= 212
|1920= 221
|1930= 220
|1940= 240
|1950= 220
|1960= 240
|1970= 251
|1980= 252
|1990= 244
|2000= 237
|2010= 223
|2020= 213
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 237 people, 88 households, and 60 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 207.5 people per square mile (80.3/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 108 housing units at an average density of 94.6/sq&nbsp;mi (36.6/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 43.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,438, and the median income for a family was $34,821. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $21,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,485.  About 9.8% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.5% of those 65 or over.

