==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 130
|1910= 402
|1920= 454
|1930= 414
|1940= 344
|1950= 291
|1960= 296
|1970= 201
|1980= 221
|1990= 164
|2000= 177
|2010= 173
|2020= 159
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 173 people, 77 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|279.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 77 households, of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 38.6 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 75 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|291.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|138.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.56% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.13% from two or more races.

There were 75 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $22,917 versus $15,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,164. About 18.6% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.7% of those 65 or over.

