==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 23
|1970= 27
|1980= 29
|1990= 16
|2000= 28
|2010= 22
|2020= 26
|estimate= 25
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/river-forest-demographics|title=River Forest Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 22 people, 9 households, and 8 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 9 households, of which 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 88.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 11.1% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the town was 58 years. 9.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 40.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 59.1% male and 40.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 28 people, 10 households, and 8 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,745.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|623.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 10 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 14.3% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $110,555, and the median income for a family was $110,555. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $37,421. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

