==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 281
|1970= 268
|1980= 283
|1990= 262
|2000= 243
|2010= 237
|2020= 243
|estyear=2022
|estimate=239
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 237 people, 98 households, and 68 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1394.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|647.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.6% of the population.

There were 98 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 40.1 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 8.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 243 people, 96 households, and 62 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,370.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|643.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.70% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 38.3% from 25 to 44, 15.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,393, and the median income for a family was $41,406. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,909. None of the families and 5.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.6% of those over 64.

