==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 33
|1990= 47
|2000= 37
|2010= 13
|2020= 24
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Healy Lake first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 37 people, 13 households, and 9 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 27.03% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 72.97% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

Of the 13 households, 53.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.1% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 40.5% from 25 to 44, 13.5% from 45 to 64, . The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 164.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,250, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,127. There were 12.5% of families and 9.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

