==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 276
|1920= 325
|1930= 230
|1940= 249
|1950= 193
|1960= 235
|1970= 233
|1980= 238
|1990= 212
|2000= 200
|2010= 234
|2020= 178
|estyear=2021
|estimate=172
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 1, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 1, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 234 people, 79 households, and 60 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|365.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 50.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 35.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 12.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 79 households, of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.1% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.28.

The median age in the city was 32 years. 32.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.3% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 200 people, 70 households, and 62 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|316.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 13% of more than one race.

There were 70 households, out of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 15.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.0% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $34,821. Males had a median income of $30,208 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,151.  About 4.9% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 33.3% of those 65 or over.

