==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1980 = 77
| 1990 = 109
| 2000 = 118
| 2010 = 83
| 2020 = 151
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 118 people, 55 households, and 33 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 38.1 people per square mile (14.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 912 housing units at an average density of 294.1 per square mile (113.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.15% [[White American|White]] and 0.85% [[African American]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 0.85% of the population.

There were 55 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15, and the average family size was 2.85.

The age distribution was 22.0% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 34.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 130.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,063, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $32,647. There were 8.8% of families and 5.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

