==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 33
|1910= 252
|1920= 285
|1930= 285
|1940= 251
|1950= 311
|1960= 293
|1970= 324
|1980= 458
|1990= 451
|2000= 582
|2010= 628
|2020= 629
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 629 people and 254 households. 97.6% of residents had at least a high school education, and 25.8% had attained a bachelor's degree or higher. 13.7% were veterans.<ref name="data.census.gov">{{cite web | publisher=United States Census Bureau | title=Explore Census Data | website=Explore Census Data | url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Center_City_city,_Minnesota?g=1600000US2710576 | access-date=2022-11-26}}</ref>

99.5% of residents were born in the United States, and 74.0% had been born in Minnesota. 1 person was foreign-born. 99.6% of residents spoke only English at home.

The racial makeup of the city was 94.0% White alone (97.1% White alone or in combination), 0.7% Asian, 0.2% Black, 1.1% Native American, and 1.0% some other race. 3.2% were two or more races. Hispanic and Latinos of any race made were 3.2%. The most common ancestries in Center City were [[German Americans|German]] (25.8%), [[Swedish Americans|Swedish]] (19.1%), [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]] (13.9%), [[Irish Americans|Irish]] (9.0%), and [[Polish Americans|Polish]] (4.7%).

The median age was 49.1 years. 16% were under the age of 18. The median household income was $77,679.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 628 people, 247 households, and 175 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1064.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 291 housing units at an average density of {{convert|493.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 247 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.1% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 44.7 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 582 people, 194 households, and 148 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,240.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 214 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $48,594, and the median income for a family was $51,875. Males had a median income of $39,205 versus $30,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,774. About 0.7% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.3% of those under age 18 and 2.2% of those age 65 or over.

