==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 321
|1930= 383
|1940= 357
|1950= 368
|1960= 255
|1970= 216
|1980= 202
|1990= 160
|2000= 106
|2010= 80
|2020= 60
|estyear=2021
|estimate=59
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=June 27, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 27, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br/>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 80 people, 43 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|320.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|276.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 43 households, of which 7.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.5% were non-families. 46.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 59.3 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.9% were from 25 to 44; 37.6% were from 45 to 64; and 33.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 106 people, 56 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|429.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.94% from two or more races.

There were 56 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 46.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.1% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 12.3% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 31.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $50,625 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,970. There were no families and 6.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.

