==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 273
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 220 people, 60 households, and 55 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|213.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 45.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 51.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 87.27% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 48.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 8.3% were non-families. 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.67 and the average family size was 3.76.{{Citation needed|date=January 2012}}

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 37.3% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.{{Citation needed|date=January 2012}}

The median income for a household in the CDP was $18,929, and the median income for a family was $18,068. Males had a median income of $15,972 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,572. About 18.9% of families and 31.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 42.9% of those 65 or over.{{Citation needed|date=January 2012}}

