==Demographics==
The population of Miesville was 23 in 1923 with three business establishments.  In 2009 the population was 135.<ref name="Kings"/>

{{US Census population
|1960= 126
|1970= 192
|1980= 179
|1990= 135
|2000= 135
|2010= 125
|2020= 138
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{{coord|44|36|02|N|92|48|47|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 125 people, 52 households, and 33 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|69.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 52 households, of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 48.8 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 24.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.0% male and 56.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 135 people, 52 households, and 35 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|74.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 52 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $53,750, and the median income for a family was $53,125. Males had a median income of $31,786 versus $31,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,931. There were 10.3% of families and 9.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

