==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 39 people, 23 households, and 8 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1.9 people per square mile (0.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 99 housing units at an average density of 4.7/sq&nbsp;mi (1.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.56% of the population.

There were 23 households, out of which 13.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 65.2% were non-families. 52.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.50.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 12.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 25 to 44, 76.9% from 45 to 64, and 2.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,094, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,756. There were no families and 21.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

