==Demographics==
{{update section|date=May 2023|reason=Newer information is available from the 2010 and 2020 census reports}}{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 43
| 1900 = 165
| 1940 = 156
| 1950 = 179
| 1960 = 229
| 1970 = 312
| 1980 = 438
| 1990 = 481
| 2000 = 585
| 2010 = 627
| 2020 = 677
| 2020n = 
| footnote = [https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]{{failed verification|date=May 2023|reason=No mention of Akiachak at the given link}}
}}

Akiachak first appeared on the 1890 U.S. Census as the unincorporated native village of "Akiakchagmiut." All 43 of its residents were Native.<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> It returned as Akiachak in 1900.<ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of Population - Populations of States and Territories by Minor Civil Divisions: 1890 and 1900 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/33405927v1ch07.pdf |page=426 |date=1900}}</ref> It did not appear again on the census until 1940, when it returned as "Akiachok."<ref>{{cite web |title=Alaska - Number of Inhabitants |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/33973538v1ch11.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1940}}</ref> It returned in 1950<ref>{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41601749v2p51-54ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1950}}</ref> and every successive census as Akiachak. It formally incorporated in 1974. In 1990, it disincorporated and was assigned the status of census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{cite web |title=1990 Census of Population and Housing - Summary Social, Economic, and Housing Characteristics - Alaska |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph5/cph-5-3.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140223233331/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph5/cph-5-3.pdf |archive-date=February 23, 2014 |url-status=dead}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 585 people, 133 households, and 111 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|86.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.42% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 92.31% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 4.27% from two or more races. 1.20% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 133 households, out of which 63.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.8% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.40 and the average family size was 4.89.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 44.4% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 5.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,833, and the median income for a family was $35,288. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,321. About 16.2% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.7% of those under age 18 and 34.8% of those age 65 or over.

Currently half of the village is hooked up to a plumbing system. The village is currently working to write a grant in order to receive federal funding to plumb the rest of the village who still use honey buckets and must get their water from the river, rain, or snow. The village would like to purchase an incinerator and use the waste heat for public buildings. Electricity is provided by Akiachak Native Community Electric Co. There is one school located in the community, attended by over 200 students each year and growing. Local hospitals or health clinics include Akiachak Health Clinic. Akiachak Health Clinic is a Primary Health facility - they do not have authorization to prescribe drugs, give birth control, or handle much more than colds, small cuts, or routine strep throat treatment which is pervasive in the community. Most live births, birth control, injury, or serious illness will be referred to the Bethel hospital or patients may be air lifted to Anchorage in serious cases. Akiachak is classified as an isolated village. It is found in EMS Region 7A in the Yukon/Kuskokwim Region. Emergency Services have river and air access. Emergency service is provided by a health aide.

