==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 527
| 1920 = 420
| 1930 = 422
| 1940 = 422
| 1950 = 410
| 1960 = 474
| 1970 = 389
| 1980 = 498
| 1990 = 482
| 2000 = 608
| 2010 = 571
| 2020 = 637
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 21, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 571 people, 240 households, and 160 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1165.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 255 housing units at an average density of {{convert|520.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 240 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65  of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 43.2 . 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65  of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 608 people, 227 households, and 174 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,285.2 people per square mile (499.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 242 housing units at an average density of 511.6 per square mile (198.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 227 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65  of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65  of age or older. The median age was 37 . For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $32,279 versus $21,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,610. About 7.3% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

