==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1820
|1900= 2330
|1910= 3155
|1920= 3469
|1930= 5057
|1940= 8162
|1950= 8443
|1960= 10268
|1970= 8348
|1980= 7320
|1990= 7111
|2000= 6779
|2010= 6652
|2020= 6863
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/brookhavenboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of a Census 2015 estimate, the racial makeup of the borough was 67.6% non-Hispanic [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population. 14.5% of the borough's population was foreign-born [https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?src=CF]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 6,779 people, 2,714 households, and 1,696 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|10,882.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,883 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4,628.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 94.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 2,714 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $39,291, and the median income for a family was $48,919. Males had a median income of $36,534 versus $32,210 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,534. About 11.2% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

