==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 238
|1960= 248
|1970= 151
|1980= 150
|1990= 103
|2000= 81
|2010= 105
|2020= 101
|estyear=2024
|estimate=94
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 105 people, 42 households, and 28 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|308.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 62.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 31.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.5% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 33.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 18.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 81 people, 38 households, and 21 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|240.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|136.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 74.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 22.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.70% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.7% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,348. There were 19.0% of families and 25.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 48.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

