==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 332
|1910= 308
|1920= 270
|1930= 237
|1940= 270
|1950= 244
|1960= 289
|1970= 286
|1980= 250
|1990= 236
|2000= 240
|2010= 166
|2020= 173
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 166 people, 69 households, and 39 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1383.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|641.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 69 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.5% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the town was 41.6 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 240 people, 78 households, and 64 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,078.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|710.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 78 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 112.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $46,750. Males had a median income of $32,125 versus $19,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,820. About 3.3% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

