==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 350
|1870= 676
|1880= 421
|1890= 428
|1900= 632
|1910= 634
|1920= 593
|1930= 504
|1940= 548
|1950= 484
|1960= 435
|1970= 365
|1980= 387
|1990= 380
|2000= 338
|2010= 268
|2020= 243
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 268 people, 117 households, and 70 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|270.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 117 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 338 people, 139 households, and 91 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|346.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.37% from two or more races.

There were 139 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,016, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $25,893 versus $16,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,671. About 1.0% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.4% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.

