==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 12
|1930= 64
|1940= 22
|1950= 21
|1960= 28
|1970= 37
|1980= 35
|1990= 38
|2000= 43
|2010= 37
|2020= 113
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The following demographics represent year-round Saltaire households (not representative of total ownership or summer population):

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 43 people, 14 households, and 9 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|155.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 401 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,445.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 79.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 11.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.33% of the population.

There were 14 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 28.6% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.07 ,and the average family size was 3.50.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 37.2% under the age of 18, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 152.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $75,252, and the median income for a family was $49,500. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $41,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,125. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

