==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 2563
|2020= 2539
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2018-03-28|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,563 people, 653 households, and 543 families residing in the community. The 2016 estimate, however, indicated that the population may have decreased to an estimated 2436.<ref name="factfinder.census.gov">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |title=U.S. Census website |access-date=2018-03-28 }}</ref> In 2010, the population density was {{convert|1,800.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 760 housing units at an average density of {{convert|746.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 916 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.5% were non-families. 12.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.05.

The population was spread out, with no single age category holding more than 10% of the population. The largest three age demographics were 45–49, 10–14, and 50–54 years, with percentages of 9.2, 8.7, and 8.7, respectively. The median age was 40.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males.

The estimated 2016 median household income was $88,050,<ref name="factfinder.census.gov"/> and the median income for a family was an estimated $92,361, with margins of error of ±$14,708 and ±$12,755, respectively. Of full-time employees, males had a median income of $58,750 versus $53,365 for females.<ref name="factfinder.census.gov"/> The estimated [[per capita income]] for the community was $36,209. About 0.7% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

