==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1840= 679
|1850= 741
|1860= 672
|1870= 646
|1880= 695
|1890= 617
|1900= 616
|1910= 527
|1920= 460
|1930= 459
|1940= 583
|1950= 589
|1960= 654
|1970= 821
|1980= 783
|1990= 892
|2000= 838
|2010= 873
|2020= 801
|estyear=2021
|estimate=785
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 838 people, 333 households, and 243 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,882.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 355 housing units at an average density of {{convert|797.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.45% White, 0.24% African American, 0.60% from other races, and 0.72% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.95% of the population. Ancestries: German (41.2%), United States (11.1%), English (6.1%), Irish (5.6%), Italian (4.1%), French (3.0%).

There were 333 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $33,523, and the median income for a family was $39,000. Males had a median income of $28,875 versus $21,528 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,547. About 6.3% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 2.0% of those age 65 or over.

