==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 421
|1920= 377
|1930= 382
|1940= 402
|1950= 412
|1960= 396
|1970= 393
|1980= 331
|1990= 317
|2000= 339
|2010= 319
|2020= 265
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Tescott is part of the [[Salina, Kansas|Salina]] [[Salina micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 319 people, 129 households, and 86 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|886.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|430.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 129 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 40.4 years. 30.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 339 people, 133 households, and 88 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|998.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|444.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.88% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.29% from two or more races.

There were 133 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $37,813, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $15,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,839. About 11.0% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.2% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

