==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 820
|2010= 788
|2020= 967
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2016 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 820 people, 417 households, and 296 families living in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|85.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 595 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races.  6.1% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 417 households, out of which 5.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.26.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 7.4% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 10.4% from 25 to 44, 31.3% from 45 to 64, and 49.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 65 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,188, and the median income for a family was $44,213. Males had a median income of $42,344 versus $20,764 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,886.  None of the families and 5.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.1% of those over 64.

