==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 184
|1870= 268
|1880= 248
|1890= 223
|1900= 254
|1910= 255
|1920= 286
|1930= 261
|1940= 293
|1950= 319
|1960= 484
|1970= 671
|1980= 894
|1990= 915
|2000= 1040
|2010= 1023
|2020= 1007
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,023 people, 464 households, and 312 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|484.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 577 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 464 households, of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the city was 49.3 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,040 people, 445 households, and 320 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 486.2 people per square mile (187.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 492 housing units at an average density of 230.0 per square mile (88.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 445 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,318, and the median income for a family was $48,906. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,392. About 1.9% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

