==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 557 people, 275 households, and 133 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|232.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.87% of the population.

There were 275 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.6% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 35.5% from 25 to 44, 33.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $48,875, and the median income for a family was $96,823. Males had a median income of $61,625 versus $26,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $42,908.  About 15.4% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Eldorado Springs CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Eldorado Springs CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|557
|2010|585
|2020|559
}}
{{clear}}

