==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 442
|1920= 326
|1930= 250
|1940= 388
|1950= 350
|1960= 417
|1970= 397
|1980= 633
|1990= 470
|2000= 557
|2010= 593
|2020= 562
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 593 people, 210 households, and 161 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|651.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 238 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.5% of the population.

There were 210 households, of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.3% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the town was 35.9 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 557 people, 195 households, and 148 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 662.8 people per square mile (256.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 217 housing units at an average density of 258.2 per square mile (99.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 90.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.00% of the population.

There were 195 households, out of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.34.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.9% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $37,045. Males had a median income of $33,409 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,931. About 19.9% of families and 22.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.6% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

