==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 162
|1910= 232
|1920= 269
|1930= 233
|1940= 194
|1950= 173
|1960= 133
|1970= 138
|1980= 185
|1990= 143
|2000= 140
|2010= 146
|2020= 90
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 146 people, 53 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1216.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|491.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.55.

The median age in the city was 29.5 years. 32.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.8% male and 56.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 140 people, 55 households, and 37 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|988.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|416.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.57% of the population.

There were 55 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,333, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $13,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,351. There were 40.5% of families and 36.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 52.0% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

