==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 364
|1930= 368
|1940= 344
|1950= 300
|1960= 235
|1970= 141
|1980= 161
|1990= 160
|2000= 140
|2010= 128
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 128 people, 60 households, and 35 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|800.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|518.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.2% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 50.5 years. 15.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 27.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 140 people, 68 households, and 42 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|898.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|519.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 68 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,156, and the median income for a family was $26,563. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,568. There were 4.0% of families and 12.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

