==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1850= 124
|1860= 197
|1870= 150
|1880= 172
|1910= 174
|1920= 158
|1930= 145
|1940= 163
|1950= 141
|1960= 113
|1970= 120
|1980= 98
|1990= 89
|2000= 86
|2010= 81
|2020= 71
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web| url=https://www.census.gov| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Stafford village, Ohio| publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]| accessdate=June 1, 2012}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 81 people, 34 households, and 25 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|238.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 34 households, of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the village was 47.2 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 37% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 38 households, and 25 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|254.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 38 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $22,917. Males had a median income of $24,063 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,747. There were 10.0% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of under eighteens and 18.8% of those over 64.

