==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 577
| 1980 = 616
| 1990 = 583
| 2000 = 781
| 2010 = 776
| 2020 = 733
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 731
| estref = <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-37.xlsx |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in North Carolina: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=April 19, 2024}}</ref> {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Alliance racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3701000&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 23, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 556
| 75.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 123
| 16.78%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 0.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 19
| 2.59%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 28
| 3.82%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 733 people, 340 households, and 216 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 781 people, 288 households, and 201 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|389.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.77% of the population.

There were 288 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,719, and the median income for a family was $35,250. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $22,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,951. About 12.1% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.4% of those under age 18 and 16.8% of those age 65 or over.

