==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 187
|1970= 194
|1980= 243
|1990= 179
|2000= 270
|2010= 358
|2020= 321
|estyear=2019
|estimate=419
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 358 people, 96 households, and 84 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2237.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|668.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 63.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 32.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 44.4% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 63.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 12.5% were non-families. 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.73 and the average family size was 4.01.

The median age in the city was 22.2 years. 45% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 18.4% were from 45 to 64; and 3.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 270 people, 85 households, and 65 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,623.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|547.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 77.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 21.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 27.41% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 47.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.5% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.18 and the average family size was 3.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.6% under the age of 18, 15.6% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,194, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,159.  About 21.7% of families and 24.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.8% of those 65 or over.

