==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|314
|1910|315
|1920|267
|1930|314
|1940|298
|1950|290
|1960|258
|1970|278
|1980|264
|1990|201
|2000|226
|2010|199
|2020|200
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 200 people, 79 households, and 60 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 255.6 inhabitants per square mile (98.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 88 housing units at an average density of 112.5 per square mile (43.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from other races and 5.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 6.5% of the population.

Of the 79 households, 34.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% were cohabitating couples, 26.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 19.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 24.1% of all households were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 24.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.0% were from 25 and 44; 28.0% were from 45 and 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 199 people, 84 households, and 58 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|251.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|116.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. Of all households, 23.8% were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 44.4 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 226 people, 91 households, and 74 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|286.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.88% from two or more races.

There were 91 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.6% were [[Marriage in the United States|married]] couples living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. Of all households, 16.5% were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $29,821 versus $21,354 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,392. About 6.7% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 13.8% of those 65 or over.

