==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 321
|1920= 354
|1930= 477
|1940= 485
|1950= 402
|1960= 358
|1970= 321
|1980= 269
|1990= 198
|2000= 206
|2010= 254
|2020= 207
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR22">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2020, there were 207 people, 108 households, and 46 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|160.47|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.49|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.93% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.93% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 14.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% had a male householder with no wife present. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.02% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.64 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 7.9% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,167 and the median income for a family was $56,250. Males had a median income of $63,571 versus $35,625 for females. 26.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], 14.3% of under eighteens and 19% of those over 64.

