==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 1163
|1890= 1385
|1900= 1478
|1910= 1580
|1920= 1563
|1930= 1465
|1940= 1711
|1950= 1812
|1960= 2159
|1970= 2441
|1980= 2384
|1990= 2351
|2000= 2589
|2010= 2687
|2020= 2692
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,687 people, 1,083 households, and 686 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1436.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|615.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population. 45.9% were of [[German American|German]], 33.8% [[French American|French]], and 11.0% [[Irish American|Irish]] ancestries.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212211016/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_10_5YR_DP02&prodType=table United States Census]</ref>

There were 1,083 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39, and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64, and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,589 people, 1,061 households, and 687 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,482.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|635.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.12% of the population.

There were 1,061 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35, and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,908, and the median income for a family was $47,717. Males had a median income of $32,440 versus $25,194 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,275. About 3.5% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.1% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

