==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 262
|1910= 540
|1920= 516
|1930= 453
|1940= 388
|1950= 396
|1960= 422
|1970= 546
|1980= 404
|1990= 427
|2000= 322
|2010= 382
|2020= 381
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 322 people, 113 households and 87 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|266.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 113 households,  of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.28.

Age distribution was 28.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $35,000, and the median family income was $37,000. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $25,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,386. About 7.0% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

