==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 184
|1970= 199
|1980= 220
|1990= 110
|2000= 172
|2010= 175
|2020= 176
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 175 people, 75 households, and 47 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|564.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|254.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.3% of the population.

There were 75 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 172 people, 78 households, and 41 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|543.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.74% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.2% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $24,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,927. None of the families and 5.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.7% of those over 64.

