==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 207
|1890= 873
|1900= 865
|1910= 1166
|1920= 741
|1930= 657
|1940= 712
|1950= 673
|1960= 726
|1970= 817
|1980= 744
|1990= 783
|2000= 750
|2010= 725
|2020= 636
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Rosedale_town,_Indiana?g=160XX00US1865934 |access-date=2025-03-21 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there 636 people, 311 housing units, with only 267 being occupied. The population density was {{convert|1610.13|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.9% white, 0.79% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.47% Black, 1.3% Hispanic or Latino, 0.62% from other races, 1.9% from two or more races.

The median age in the town was 41.5 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24,9% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years or older. The gender makeup of the town was 43.5% male and 56.5% female.

The rate of poverty is 15.4%, with 32.7% of people 18 years or younger being impoverished, 12.7% of people ages 18 to 64, and 4.9% of people over the age of 64. The median income is $57,188. 15.5% of the population had a Bachelor's degree or higher.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 725 people, 287 households, and 196 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1812.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|830.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 287 households, of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 36.4 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 750 people, 304 households, and 210 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,890.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|811.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 304 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,519, and the median income for a family was $40,556. Males had a median income of $33,000 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,301. About 11.0% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.0% of those under age 18 and 14.8% of those age 65 or over.

