==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 130
|1900= 400
|1910= 450
|1920= 488
|1930= 483
|1940= 451
|1950= 454
|1960= 416
|1970= 453
|1980= 439
|1990= 434
|2000= 468
|2010= 427
|2020= 379
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 427 people, 176 households, and 120 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1642.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 205 housing units at an average density of {{convert|788.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 176 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 37.6 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 468 people, 189 households, and 122 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,778.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 205 housing units at an average density of {{convert|779.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.21% from two or more races.

There were 189 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $30,208, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,707. About 7.0% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

