==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2000= 266
|2010= 207
|2020= 155
|footnote=source:<ref name="www.census.gov">{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790-2010)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |access-date=September 3, 2018}}</ref>
}}

Forest lakes is located within [[ZIP Code]] 85931.  The ZIP Code is primarily unsettled, rural forest lands with the exception of Forest Lakes.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 266 people, 136 households, and 97 families residing in the [[ZIP Code Tabulation Area|ZCTA]] for ZIP Code 85931.  There were 916 housing units.  The racial makeup of the ZCTA was 99.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]].  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 7.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29% were non-families. 25% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.29.

In the ZCTA the population was spread out, with 7% under the age of 18, 1% from 18 to 24, 13% from 25 to 44, 42% from 45 to 64, and 36% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 60.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.6 males.

The median income for a household in the ZCTA was $34,773, and the median income for a family was $34,219. The [[per capita income]] for the ZCTA was $21,981.  About 9% of families and 12% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20% of those under age 18 and 5% of those age 65 or over.

