==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 407
|1920= 376
|1930= 507
|1940= 938
|1950= 810
|1960= 1091
|1970= 1304
|1980= 1259
|1990= 1140
|2000= 1046
|2010= 1133
|2020= 1052
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,046 people, 450 households, and 296 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 691.9 people per square mile (267.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 494 housing units at an average density of 326.7 per square mile (126.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 80.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 450 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,819, and the median income for a family was $37,292. Males had a median income of $28,235 versus $21,422 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,093. About 8.9% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

