==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 242
|1860= 528
|1870= 863
|1880= 1769
|1890= 2169
|1900= 3014
|1910= 3801
|1920= 4391
|1930= 4883
|1940= 5150
|1950= 5673
|1960= 6305
|1970= 7276
|1980= 8867
|1990= 8982
|2000= 8931
|2010= 8979
|2020= 9359
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/quakertownboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020,<ref>{{Cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau QuickFacts: Quakertown borough, Pennsylvania|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/quakertownboroughpennsylvania/PST045219|access-date=October 8, 2021|website=www.census.gov|language=en}}</ref> there were 9,359 people living in the borough.  The racial makeup of the borough was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], 0% [[Pacific Islander]], 0% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]] or [[Alaska Natives|Alaska Native]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.4% of the population.

As of 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 8,931 people, 3,421 households, and 2,251 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,424.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,631 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,798.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 94.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.88% of the population.

There were 3,421 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.11.

In Quakertown, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $41,942, and the median income for a family was $51,194. Males had a median income of $33,697 versus $26,988 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,562. About 3.7% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

