==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 230
|1970= 311
|1980= 1305
|1990= 1094
|2000= 971
|2010= 1018
|2020= 967
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archive-date=April 26, 2015}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://archive.today/20140522141407/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census Fyffe had a population of 1,018. There were 418 households. The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 93.7% non-Hispanic white, 0.3% African American, 1.5% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 1.1% from some other race, 2.5% from two or more races and 1.3% Hispanic or Latino or any race.<ref>2010 general profile of population and housing characteristics of Fyffe from the US census</ref>

As of 2000, there were 971 people, 411 households, and 286 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|220.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 458 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. The racial make-up of the town was 94.03% White, 0.93% [[African American]], 1.24% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asia]]n, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 1.13% from other races, and 2.37% from two or more races. 1.85% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Latinos|Latino]] of any race.

There were 411 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were married couples living together, 11.4% had a woman whose husband does not live with her, and 30.2% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,298, and the median income for a family was $31,908. Males had a median income of $30,385 versus $18,636 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,713. 21.6% of the population and 13.7% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 33.6% were under the age of 18 and 19.9% were 65 or older.

