==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 266
|1900= 241
|1910= 379
|1920= 248
|1930= 329
|1940= 259
|1950= 274
|1960= 213
|1970= 206
|1980= 206
|1990= 182
|2000= 159
|2010= 132
|2020= 125
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> there were 132 people, 63 households and 36 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1015.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|630.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 63 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.2% male and 56.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 159 people, 65 households and 41 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,254.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|631.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 65 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.14.

28.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $27,500 and the median family income was $32,500. Males had a median income of $25,000 compared with  $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,980. About 8.3% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.3% of those 65 or over.

