==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|93
|1920|116
|1930|103
|1940|125
|1950|126
|1960|145
|1970|141
|1980|136
|1990|139
|2000|121
|2010|137
|2020|138
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=March 29, 2020}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 138 people, 60 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,534.5 inhabitants per square mile (592.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 60 housing units at an average density of 667.2 per square mile (257.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 6.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 5.8% of the population.

Of the 60 households, 48.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% were cohabitating couples, 23.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 10.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.7% of all households were non-families. 15.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.0 years. 31.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.0% were from 25 and 44; 23.9% were from 45 and 64; and 21.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 137 people, 52 households, and 38 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1370.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.9% from two or more races.

There were 52 households, of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.9% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the city was 35.9 years. 32.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 121 people, 45 households, and 35 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,275.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|484.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 45 households, out of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 2.86.

30.6% are under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $50,625, and the median income for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $20,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,195. There were 14.3% of families and 19.5% of the population living below the poverty line, including 21.4% of under eighteens and 11.1% of those over 64.

