==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 492
|1890= 698
|1900= 561
|1910= 684
|1920= 603
|1930= 501
|1940= 521
|1950= 463
|1960= 374
|1970= 360
|1980= 427
|1990= 450
|2000= 491
|2010= 469
|2020= 392
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 469 people, 175 households, and 115 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|478.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 175 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the city was 37.2 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 491 people, 189 households, and 123 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|496.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $31,964. Males had a median income of $22,292 versus $17,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,326. About 18.1% of families and 26.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.5% of those under age 18 and 32.2% of those age 65 or over.

