==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 312
|1880= 526
|1890= 638
|1900= 636
|1910= 610
|1920= 552
|1930= 543
|1940= 567
|1950= 623
|1960= 719
|1970= 895
|1980= 869
|1990= 769
|2000= 874
|2010= 938
|2020= 878
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 872
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 938 people, 321 households, and 239 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1340.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 368 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.9% of the population.

There were 321 households, of which 46.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.5% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the village was 30.8 years. 32.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29% were from 25 to 44; 20.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 874 people, 309 households, and 221 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,253.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|476.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.78% of the population.

There were 309 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,346, and the median income for a family was $31,979. Males had a median income of $25,595 versus $20,855 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,281. About 11.1% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

