==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1360
|1910= 2153
|1920= 1150
|1930= 1301
|1940= 1127
|1950= 1375
|1960= 822
|1970= 797
|1980= 794
|1990= 716
|2000= 531
|2010= 637
|2020= 622
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 531 people, 255 households, and 149 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|656.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 430 housing units at an average density of {{convert|531.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.75% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.72% of the population.

There were 255 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.63.

20.7% of town residents were under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 39.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,486, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $30,588 versus $19,886 for females. The per capita income for the town was $16,839. About 14.0% of families and 21.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.4% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

The local school system has a total of 53 K-through-12 students as of November 2006.

