==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 247
|1890= 408
|1900= 400
|1910= 333
|1920= 300
|1930= 273
|1940= 219
|1950= 134
|1960= 134
|1970= 102
|1980= 82
|1990= 65
|2000= 81
|2010= 30
|2020= 27
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 27 people, 15 households, and 9 families in Dunlap.<ref>{{cite web | access-date=2024-01-16 | archive-date=January 17, 2024 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240117045614/https://data.census.gov/table?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 | url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 | title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE | url-status=live | website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 109.8 per square mile (42.4/km{{sup|2}}). There were 21 housing units at an average density of 85.4 per square mile (33.0/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=":0">{{cite web | access-date=2024-01-16 | archive-date=January 17, 2024 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240117045614/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 | url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 | title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS | url-status=live | website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{cite web | access-date=2023-12-30 | archive-date=August 11, 2023 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230811052610/https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html | url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html | title=US Census Bureau, Gazetteer Files | url-status=live | website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 85.19% (23) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (85.19% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 3.7% (1) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 11.11% (3) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{cite web | access-date=2024-01-16 | archive-date=January 17, 2024 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240117045614/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 | url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 | title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE | url-status=live | website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{cite web | access-date=2024-01-16 | archive-date=January 17, 2024 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240117045614/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Dunlap%20city%2C%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 | url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 | title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE | url-status=live | website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 15 households, 13.3% had children under the age of 18; 46.7% were married couples living together; 6.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.7% of households consisted of individuals and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.7 and the average family size was 4.1.<ref>{{cite web | access-date=2024-01-16 | url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 | title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES | website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

7.4% of the population was under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 37.0% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 25.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 58.8 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 66.7 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $53,438 (with a margin of error of +/- $30,379).<ref>{{cite web | access-date=2024-01-16 | archive-date=January 17, 2024 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240117045614/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Dunlap%20city%2C%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 | url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 | title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) | url-status=live | website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Females had a median income of $20,000 (+/- $10,628) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $26,042 (+/- $13,535).<ref>{{cite web | access-date=2024-01-16 | archive-date=January 17, 2024 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240117045615/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 | url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Dunlap%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 | title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) | url-status=live | website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | archive-date=December 27, 1996 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ | url=https://www.census.gov/ | title=U.S. Census website | publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate=2012-07-06 | url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 30 people, 11 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|130.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|95.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.3% from two or more races.

There were 11 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 18.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 9.1% were non-families. 9.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 16.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 60.0% male and 40.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web | archive-date=December 27, 1996 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ | url=https://www.census.gov/ | title=U.S. Census website | publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate=2008-01-31 | url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 81 people, 25 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|353.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 25 households, out of which 52.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.0% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.24 and the average family size was 3.62.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 38.3% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,939. There were 9.1% of families and 6.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

