==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 162
|1930= 163
|1940= 170
|1950= 180
|1960= 117
|1970= 122
|1980= 99
|1990= 114
|2000= 144
|2010= 107
|2020= 129
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 107 people, 48 households, and 27 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|100.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 48 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 48.8 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 28% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 144 people, 62 households, and 45 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|135.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 62 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 29.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,278, and the median income for a family was $32,361. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,508. There were none of the families and 3.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.1% of those over 64.

