==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 391
| 2020 = 296
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Grimes first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Grimes had a population of 296. The population density was {{convert|130.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Grimes was 110 (37.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.3%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (1.7%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.3%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 128 (43.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 51 (17.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 196 persons (66.2%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Grimes CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0631288 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 21, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 112 households, out of which 43 (38.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 57 (50.9%) were married-couple households, 6 (5.4%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 23 (20.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 26 (23.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 37 households (33.0%) were one person, and 21 (18.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.64.<ref name=DP1/> There were 69 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (61.6% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Grimes CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0631288 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 21, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 71 people (24.0%) under the age of 18, 37 people (12.5%) aged 18 to 24, 60 people (20.3%) aged 25 to 44, 69 people (23.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 59 people (19.9%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 35.7{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 112 (91.1%) were occupied. Of these, 41 (36.6%) were owner-occupied, and 71 (63.4%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

