==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 527
|1890= 947
|1900= 882
|1910= 1105
|1920= 1209
|1930= 1054
|1940= 1039
|1950= 1098
|1960= 1013
|1970= 923
|1980= 975
|1990= 879
|2000= 921
|2010= 880
|2020= 875
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 880 people, 365 households, and 229 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|956.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 415 housing units at an average density of {{convert|451.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 365 households, of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 45.3 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 921 people, 381 households, and 235 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,036.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 417 housing units at an average density of {{convert|469.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 381 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $34,737, and the median income for a family was $46,354. Males had a median income of $33,906 versus $19,432 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,037. About 5.2% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.

