==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 887
|1900= 1329
|1910= 1802
|1920= 2097
|1930= 2152
|1940= 2048
|1950= 2030
|1960= 2012
|1970= 1797
|1980= 2325
|1990= 2276
|2000= 2378
|2010= 2326
|2020= 2262
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,378 people, 971 households, and 645 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,171.6 people per square mile (452.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,074 housing units at an average density of 529.1 per square mile (204.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 77.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 971 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,828, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $35,350 versus $20,819 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,826. About 14.6% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

The town has its own [https://web.archive.org/web/20160113233142/http://www.townofcrewe.com/page12.html police department] and a volunteer fire service.  The town is also served by the [http://www.nottowaysheriff.org/ Nottoway County Sheriff's Office].

