==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 352
|1870= 441
|1880= 678
|1890= 745
|1900= 607
|1910= 712
|1920= 659
|1930= 645
|1940= 753
|1950= 836
|1960= 1131
|1970= 1348
|1980= 942
|1990= 1066
|2000= 1071
|2010= 997
|2020= 871
|estyear=2022
|estimate=859
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2022"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,071 people, 361 households, and 251 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|743.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 361 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 122.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $28,281 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,163. About 4.0% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

