==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 470
|1890= 734
|1900= 701
|1910= 901
|1920= 894
|1930= 1017
|1940= 1002
|1950= 1226
|1960= 1084
|1970= 1147
|1980= 1107
|1990= 1001
|2000= 1028
|2010= 1026
|2020= 1002
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,026 people, 452 households and 258 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1036.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 515 housing units at an average density of {{convert|520.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.4% of the population.

There were 452 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age was 46.3 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,028 people, 456 households and 280 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,057.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 522 housing units at an average density of {{convert|536.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 456 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.86.

23.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median household income was $29,500 and the median family income was $36,750. Males had a median income of $28,365 and females $20,795. The [[per capita income]] was $15,191. About 6.1% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

