==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 757
|1880= 730
|1890= 736
|1900= 681
|1910= 572
|1920= 589
|1930= 625
|1940= 645
|1950= 741
|1960= 773
|1970= 968
|1980= 965
|1990= 968
|2000= 1052
|2010= 1021
|2020= 896
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1727689 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 896 people, 403 households, and 179 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|1,918.63|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 391 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|837.26|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.35% of the population.

There were 403 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.25% were married couples living together, 8.93% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.58% were non-families. 48.39% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.02% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.28 and the average family size was 2.10.

The village's age distribution consisted of 19.2% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 17.2% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 32.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $46,080, and the median income for a family was $73,281. Males had a median income of $45,859 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $27,341. About 5.0% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

