==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 232
| 1910 = 357
| 1920 = 270
| 1930 = 102
| 1940 = 187
| 1950 = 141
| 1960 = 108
| 1970 = 122
| 1980 = 157
| 1990 = 153
| 2000 = 185
| 2010 = 210
| 2020 = 193
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 25, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Conconully, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Conconully%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 210 people, 103 households, and 63 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|677.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|609.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 103 households, of which 13.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.49.

The median age in the town was 55.1 years. 12.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.9% were from 25 to 44; 43.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 185 people, 94 households, and 53 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 834.3 people per square mile (324.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 192 housing units at an average density of 865.8 per square mile (337.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.54% from two or more races.

There were 94 households, out of which 13.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.43.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.9% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 30.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,214, and the median income for a family was $24,750. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,168. About 17.5% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

