==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 277
|1930= 356
|1940= 473
|1950= 493
|1960= 501
|1970= 466
|1980= 469
|1990= 383
|2000= 319
|2010= 293
|2020= 254
|estyear=2024
|estimate=245
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=May 2025|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 14, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 293 people, 154 households, and 70 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|72.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 154 households, of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.5% were non-families. 53.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.90 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 49.1 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 319 people, 154 households, and 83 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|79.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 154 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 44.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 31.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,722, and the median income for a family was $23,056. Males had a median income of $16,806 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,754. About 16.3% of families and 21.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.3% of those under age 18 and 19.0% of those age 65 or over.

