==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 367
|1920= 266
|1930= 216
|1940= 295
|1950= 321
|1960= 322
|1970= 366
|1980= 403
|1990= 385
|2000= 337
|2010= 313
|2020= 274
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title = Census of Population and Housing |publisher = United States Census Bureau |access-date = June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title = U.S. Census website |url = https://www.census.gov |publisher = United States Census Bureau |access-date = November 25, 2012 }}</ref> of 2010, there were 313 people, 131 households, and 82 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|277.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 131 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 40.8 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 337 people, 143 households, and 98 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|272.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 143 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $26,607 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,755.  About 12.4% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

