==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 351
|1910= 462
|1920= 487
|1930= 518
|1940= 580
|1950= 613
|1960= 521
|1970= 505
|1980= 518
|1990= 459
|2000= 434
|2010= 339
|2020= 323
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 339 people, 165 households, and 103 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|163.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 165 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.6% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 15.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 434 people, 179 households, and 127 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|203.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 179 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,375, and the median income for a family was $47,813. Males had a median income of $25,682 versus $21,016 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,809.  About 3.0% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

