==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 577
|1890= 1105
|1900= 1040
|1910= 1080
|1920= 906
|1930= 987
|1940= 708
|1950= 724
|1960= 730
|1970= 707
|1980= 705
|1990= 600
|2000= 539
|2010= 498
|2020= 428
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 498 people, 212 households, and 120 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|630.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|324.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 212 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.4% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 23.2% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 539 people, 240 households, and 150 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|707.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 240 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,191, and the median income for a family was $39,286. Males had a median income of $27,417 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,447. About 4.9% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

===Sedan===
[[Sedan, Nebraska|Sedan]] is an [[unincorporated area]] about 4.5 miles southeast of Edgar on the intersection of Nebraska 65a Spur and County Road 348 in Nuckolls County, which runs next to the [[Union Pacific]] [[railroad]]. It is the site of an Aurora Cooperative [[grain elevator]] facility. The [[United States Postal Service]] does not recognize Sedan, and requires mail to be addressed to Edgar using its zip code.

