==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1930= 200
|1940= 300
|1950= 400
|1960= 500
|1970= 756
|1980= 735
|1990= 913
|2000= 1177
|2010= 1271
|2020= 1272
|footnote=source: U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=July 15, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''West Yellowstone town, Montana – Racial composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!{{partial|% 2020}}<ref>{{cite web |title=HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2020) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US3079525&d=DEC+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
!% 2010<ref>{{cite web |title=HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2010) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US3079525&y=2010 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
!% 2000<ref>{{cite book |title=Montana: 2000 |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |pages=30-31 |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2002/dec/phc-1-28.pdf}}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}
!Pop 2010
!Pop 2000
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |71.1%
|77.4%
|89%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |904
|984
|1,048
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.1%
|0.4%
|0.3%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |14
|5
|4
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.1%
|0.6%
|0.8%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|7
|9
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.6%
|0.9%
|0.7%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |20
|11
|8
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.1%
|0%
|0%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0
|0
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.6%
|0.1%
|0.3%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |7
|1
|4
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Multiracial]] (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.5%
|2.8%
|1.1%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |57
|35
|13
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic/Latino]] (any race)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |21.1%
|17.9%
|7.7%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |268
|228
|91
|}

The most reported ancestries in [[2020 United States census|2020]] were:<ref>{{cite web |title=TOTAL POPULATION |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=-06:-1000E:-3000F:-4000G:-5000K:-7000E:-8000B&g=160XX00US3079525&d=DEC+Detailed+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics+File+A |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
* [[Mexicans|Mexican]] (20.4%)
* [[Germans|German]] (17.1%)
* [[English people|English]] (15.3%)
* [[Irish people|Irish]] (12.6%)
* [[French people|French]] (3.8%)
* [[Italians|Italian]] (3.5%)
* [[Scottish people|Scottish]] (2.8%)
* [[Polish people|Polish]] (2.6%)
* [[Welsh people|Welsh]] (2.3%)
* [[Swedes|Swedish]] (2%)
* [[Nansemond|Nansemond Indian Nation]] (1.7%)

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,271 people, 617 households, and 298 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1588.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 969 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1211.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 17.9% of the population.

There were 617 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.7% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06, and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 39.4 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.1% were from 25 to 44; 34.2% were from 45 to 64; and 8.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>{{clarify |reason=Citation is obsolete; |date=December 2012}} of 2000, there were 1,177 people, 518 households, and 289 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1458.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 806 housing units at an average density of {{convert|999.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.76% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 7.73% of the population.

There were 518 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 35.9% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 5.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 123.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,703, and the median income for a family was $37,250. Males had a median income of $24,297 versus $20,909 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,136. About 9.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

