==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 305
|1930= 337
|1940= 344
|1950= 367
|1960= 280
|1970= 258
|1980= 261
|1990= 219
|2000= 233
|2010= 256
|2020= 234
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 256 people, 107 households, and 65 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|984.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|465.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 57.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 36.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.3% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the town was 39 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 20.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 233 people, 105 households, and 59 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|889.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|446.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 27.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 105 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 29.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,909, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $20,313 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,055. About 11.1% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.7% of those 65 or over.

