==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 133
|1890= 150
|1900= 168
|1910= 169
|1920= 194
|1930= 180
|1940= 191
|1950= 181
|1960= 142
|1970= 162
|1980= 147
|1990= 138
|2000= 158
|2010= 157
|2020= 151
|estimate = 150
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/salamonia-demographics|title=Salamonia Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 157 people, 52 households, and 40 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|424.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 52 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.1% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.50.

The median age in the town was 30.5 years. 33.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 7.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 158 people, 57 households, and 47 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|429.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 43.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.8% were non-families. 14.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 5.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,458, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,734. About 16.2% of families and 16.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 66.7% of those 65 or over.

