==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 733
|1900= 815
|1910= 902
|1920= 921
|1930= 906
|1940= 945
|1950= 1102
|1960= 1116
|1970= 1179
|1980= 1205
|1990= 1216
|2000= 1269
|2010= 1145
|2020= 972
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 944
|estref= <ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,145 people, 411 households, and 264 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|835.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 469 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 411 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 44.2 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.4% male and 54.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,269 people, 427 households, and 271 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|929.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 463 housing units at an average density of {{convert|339.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population. 23.6% were of [[American ancestry|American]], 14.9% [[German Americans|German]], 13.8% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 9.4% [[English Americans|English]] and 7.0% [[Italian Americans|Italian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 427 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $45,526. Males had a median income of $31,845 versus $22,679 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,702. About 8.2% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 20.7% of those age 65 or over.

