==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 232
| 1920 = 412
| 1930 = 537
| 1940 = 447
| 1950 = 644
| 1960 = 669
| 1970 = 715
| 1980 = 750
| 1990 = 655
| 2000 = 760
| 2010 = 716
| 2020 = 647
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 613
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Weiner racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0573940&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 583
| 90.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 12
| 1.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 16
| 2.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 34
| 5.26%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 647 people, 337 households, and 239 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 760 people, 306 households, and 217 families residing in Weiner.  The population density was {{convert|551.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of Weiner was 98.55% White, 0.53% Black or African American, 0.39% Native American and 0.53% Asian.  0.66% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 306 households 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were married couples living together, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 2.0% were non-families. 3.0.5% of households were one person and 2.0% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.98.

The age distribution was 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% 65 or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median household income was in Weiner was $32,125, and the median family income  was $42,222. Males had a median income of $25,789 versus $20,804 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,222.  About 6.7% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

