==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 169
|1940= 221
|1950= 223
|1960= 234
|1970= 173
|1980= 174
|1990= 190
|2000= 168
|2010= 180
|2020= 166
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 180 people, 79 households, and 52 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|473.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|252.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 6.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 79 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.4% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 168 people, 75 households, and 44 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|436.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.38% from two or more races. 36.8% were of [[finns|Finnish]], 25.2% [[germans|German]], 9.7% [[norwegians|Norwegian]] and 6.5% [[swedish people|Swedish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 75 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,750, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $32,188 versus $18,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,620. None of the families and 7.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 21.4% of those over 64.

