==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 329
|1920= 1131
|1930= 1061
|1940= 1093
|1950= 1297
|1960= 1280
|1970= 1204
|1980= 1095
|1990= 979
|2000= 983
|2010= 929
|2020= 844
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 929 people, 412 households, and 257 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1327.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 484 housing units at an average density of {{convert|691.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 412 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.6% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 47.7 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 983 people, 437 households, and 277 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,843.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 482 housing units at an average density of {{convert|904.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.22% of the population.

There were 437 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $44,659. Males had a median income of $27,431 versus $24,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,312. About 3.6% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

