==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 468
|1940= 466
|1950= 386
|1960= 317
|1970= 268
|1980= 256
|1990= 281
|2000= 283
|2010= 249
|2020= 199
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 249 people, 92 households and 68 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1383.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|605.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the town was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 0.4% from two or more races.

There were 92 households, of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present and 26.1% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age was 39.3 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18, 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 22.8% were from 25 to 44, 30.4% were from 45 to 64 and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the town was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 283 people, 107 households and 80 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,081.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|458.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial mak-eup of the town was 99.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present and 24.3% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.05.

28.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64 and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $24,821 and the median family income was $28,750. Males had a median income of $25,000 and females $15,714. The [[per capita income]] was $15,482. About 14.3% of families and 21.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.6% of those 65 or over.

