==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 196
| 1980 = 196
| 1990 = 171
| 2000 = 177
| 2010 = 193
| 2020 = 167
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 193 people, 66 households, and 46 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|137.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.5% of the population.

There were 66 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.70.

The median age in the city was 33.2 years. 32.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder2.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=American FactFinder}}</ref> of 2000, there were 177 people, 62 households, and 49 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|124.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 75 housing units, with an average density of {{convert|52.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.56% from two or more races.

There were 62 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 16.9% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,292, and the median income for a family was $38,542. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $43,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,852.  About 9.3% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.8% of those sixty five or over.

