==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 1299
| 1920 = 1599
| 1930 = 1610
| 1940 = 1441
| 1950 = 1726
| 1960 = 1485
| 1970 = 1230
| 1980 = 1330
| 1990 = 918
| 2000 = 981
| 2010 = 814
| 2020 = 788
| estyear = 
| estimate = 
| estref = 
| footnote = source:<ref>{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFPopulation?_event=Search&geo_id=16000US5131056&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US51%7C16000US5131056&_street=&_county=Damascus&_cityTown=Damascus&_state=04000US51&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=population_0&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null%3Anull&_keyword=&_industry=|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212055123/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFPopulation?_event=Search&geo_id=16000US5131056&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US51%7C16000US5131056&_street=&_county=Damascus&_cityTown=Damascus&_state=04000US51&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=population_0&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=|url-status=dead|archive-date=February 12, 2020|title=Population Finder: Damascus CDP, Virginia|publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 7, 2011}}</ref>
| 2020n = 
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 981 people, 484 households, and 269 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,157.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 543 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 484 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,886, and the median income for a family was $29,250. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $18,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,995. About 13.2% of families and 20.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.3% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

