==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 404
|1870= 858
|1880= 1000
|1890= 1174
|1900= 1140
|1910= 1088
|1920= 1242
|1930= 1184
|1940= 1301
|1950= 1066
|1960= 864
|1970= 922
|1980= 960
|1990= 823
|2000= 726
|2010= 668
|2020= 630
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 726 people, 330 households, and 163 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,287.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|741.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 330 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.6% were non-families. 48.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 29.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,000, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,146 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,698. About 18.3% of families and 25.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.1% of those under age 18 and 18.4% of those age 65 or over.

