==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 264
|1970= 263
|1980= 219
|1990= 246
|2000= 260
|2010= 241
|2020= 209
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 241 people, 91 households, and 77 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2410.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|970.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 91 households, of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.4% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 50.1 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.2% were from 25 to 44; 43.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 260 people, 91 households, and 73 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,429.9 people per square mile (912.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 95 housing units at an average density of 887.8 per square mile (333.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 91.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.77% of the population.

There were 91 households, out of which 41.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.7% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $97,943, and the median income for a family was $118,459. Males had a median income of $83,069 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $51,898. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.9% of those over 64.

