==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1980 = 38
| 1990 = 63
| 2000 = 65
| 2010 = 70
| 2020 = 45
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 40
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 65 people, 25 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|8.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.92% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 24.62% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 25 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. Of all households 28.0% were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $16,607 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,926. There were 9.1% of families and 10.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.9% of those over 64.

