==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 241
|1910= 171
|1920= 67
|1930= 31
|1940= 37
|1950= 99
|1960= 106
|1970= 172
|1980= 235
|1990= 217
|2000= 276
|2010= 268
|2020= 273
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 268 people, 118 households, and 76 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|595.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|386.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 118 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 48.2 years. 16.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 38% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 276 people, 113 households, and 81 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|632.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|399.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.81% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,917, and the median income for a family was $46,944. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,387.  None of the families and 4.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.0% of those over 64.

