==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 114
|1910= 111
|1920= 73
|1930= 56
|1940= 71
|1950= 61
|1960= 44
|1970= 72
|1980= 102
|1990= 73
|2000= 72
|2010= 122
|2020= 137
|estyear=2022
|estimate=132
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 8, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 8, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

The median income for a household in the city as of 2009 was $69,686. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $25,398. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 122 people, 41 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|230.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 41 households, of which 51.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.1% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 33.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.7% male and 44.3% female.

