==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 284
|1920= 646
|1930= 514
|1940= 400
|1950= 516
|1960= 428
|1970= 485
|1980= 463
|1990= 421
|2000= 394
|2010= 452
|2020= 373
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 394 people, 179 households, and 114 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|569.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|297.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.51% from two or more races.

There were 179 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $21,731 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,469. About 11.7% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.6% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

