==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 123
|1910= 162
|1920= 187
|1930= 198
|1940= 194
|1950= 192
|1960= 246
|1970= 263
|1980= 303
|1990= 282
|2000= 244
|2010= 197
|2020= 214
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 244 people, 108 households, and 72 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|683.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|347.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 76.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 23.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.69% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,545, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $31,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,396. About 9.1% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.0% of those 65 or over.

