==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2087
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Slater-Marietta racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4566917&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-14|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,767
|84.67%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|16
|0.77%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.14%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|7
|0.34%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|87
|4.17%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|207
|9.92%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,087 people, 673 households, and 408 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,228 people, 875 households, and 594 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|518.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 989 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.99% of the population.

There were 875 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,898, and the median income for a family was $36,190. Males had a median income of $26,950 versus $23,603 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,169. About 12.7% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

