==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 138
|1900= 267
|1910= 232
|1920= 277
|1930= 248
|1940= 207
|1950= 188
|1960= 176
|1970= 156
|1980= 187
|1990= 143
|2000= 119
|2010= 139
|2020= 102
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 139 people, 61 households, and 43 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|496.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.5% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 119 people, 57 households, and 38 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|430.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|238.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 57 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 11.8% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,046. There were no families and 9.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 29.6% of those over 64.

