==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 634
|1890= 508
|1900= 507
|1910= 442
|1920= 385
|1930= 412
|1940= 451
|1950= 482
|1960= 659
|1970= 607
|1980= 851
|1990= 857
|2000= 888
|2010= 777
|2020= 652
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 777 people, 422 households, and 221 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|706.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 837 housing units at an average density of {{convert|760.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 422 households, of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 2.46.

The median age in the village was 55.1 years. 11.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.8% were from 25 to 44; 36.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 888 people, 432 households, and 241 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|778.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 698 housing units at an average density of {{convert|611.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.35% of the population.

There were 432 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the village the population was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,065, and the median income for a family was $36,750. Males had a median income of $27,222 versus $20,982 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,501.  About 7.8% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of those under age 18 and 17.1% of those age 65 or over.

