==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 275
|2010= 295
|2020= 198
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Amado's population was 40 in the 1960 census.<ref>{{Cite encyclopedia |year=1960 |title=Arizona |encyclopedia=World Book Encyclopedia |publisher=Field Enterprises Educational Corporation |location=Chicago |volume=A |page=557}}</ref>

Amado appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 275 people, 104 households, and 66 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|24.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 70.9% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 26.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races.  43.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 104 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $20,417, and the median income for a family was $82,922. Males had a median income of $22,946 versus $26,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,452.  About 7.1% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

