==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 316
|1930= 408
|1940= 399
|1950= 407
|1960= 360
|1970= 271
|1980= 207
|1990= 188
|2000= 185
|2010= 182
|2020= 188
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=November 2, 2021}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 182 people, 91 households, and 50 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|185.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 91 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.1% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the town was 50 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 185 people, 87 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|190.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.54% from two or more races.

There were 87 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,361, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,892. About 23.1% of families and 22.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.8% of those 65 or over.

