==Demographics==
As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 800 people, 336 households, and 192 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|635.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 545 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 74.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (596 people), 11.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] (88 people), 1.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (8 people), 1.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] (15 people), 7.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] (56 people), and 4.62% from two or more races (37 people). [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.38% (115 people) of the population.

There were 336 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $50,759, and the median income for a family was $62,250. Males had a median income of $38,036 versus $31,696 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,939. About 2.2% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

