==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 506
|1970= 1105
|1980= 1050
|1990= 1027
|2000= 917
|2010= 870
|2020= 888
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 870 people, 401 households, and 259 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3222.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 436 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1614.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 401 households, of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 16.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 37.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 917 people, 419 households, and 299 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|3,460.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 433 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,633.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.76% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 419 households, out of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.1% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 35.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $60,357, and the median income for a family was $69,375. Males had a median income of $51,190 versus $35,878 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $30,840. None of the families and 1.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

