==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 146
|1970= 111
|1980= 156
|1990= 192
|2000= 215
|2010= 224
|2020= 226
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://archive.today/20160602200744/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015.html|archive-date=June 2, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 224 people, 86 households, and 62 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|422.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 86 households, of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 30 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.4% were from 25 to 44; 21% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 215 people, 85 households, and 60 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|414.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.47% from two or more races.

There were 85 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $49,063, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $30,694 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,641.  About 4.5% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 42.3% of those 65 or over.

