==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 400
|1910= 325
|1920= 351
|1930= 296
|1940= 379
|1950= 288
|1960= 232
|1970= 207
|1980= 209
|1990= 188
|2000= 178
|2010= 149
|2020= 114
|estyear=2021
|estimate=115
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 149 people, 71 households, and 36 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|496.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 71 households, of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.3% were non-families. 43.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 46.2 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 178 people, 76 households, and 51 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|576.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|294.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 76 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $35,938. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,409. About 6.8% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.1% of those 65 or over.

