==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 471
| 1890 = 557
| 1900 = 679
| 1910 = 625
| 1920 = 707
| 1930 = 799
| 1940 = 880
| 1950 = 1183
| 1960 = 1572
| 1970 = 1926
| 1980 = 2394
| 1990 = 2515
| 2000 = 3274
| 2010 = 4004
| 2020 = 4309
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name=www.census.gov>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 9, 2024}}</ref> of 2020, there were 4,309 people, 1,762 households, and 896 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1833.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,813 housing units at an average density of {{convert|771.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 4,004 people, 1,581 households, and 1,148 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1634.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,698 housing units at an average density of {{convert|693.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% White, 0.5% African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 1.2% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 1,581 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married]] couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.4% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.92. The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2"/> there were 3,274 people, 1,212 households, and 895 families living in the village. The population density was 2,217.3 people per square mile (854.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,264 housing units at an average density of 856.0 per square mile (329.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.95% White, 0.27% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.37% from other races, and 0.86% from two or more races. 0.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 1,212 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.09. In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24; 31.7%, from 25 to 44; 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $49,861, and the median income for a family was $55,144. Males had a median income of $37,639 versus $25,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,509. About 4.0% of families and 5.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

