==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1334
|2020n={{citation needed|date=August 2024}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=August 2024|reason=No mention of Eatons Neck at the given link}}
}}

{{update section|date=August 2024|reason=Newer information is available from the 2010 and 2020 census reports}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,388 people, 512 households, and 419 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,378.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 554 housing units at an average density of {{convert|550.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.15% of the population.

There were 512 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.0% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $100,663, and the median income for a family was $104,111. Males had a median income of $94,349 versus $67,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $44,342. About 1.9% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.0% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,406 people, 519 households, and 412 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1,406.0 per square mile. There were 575 housing units at an average density of 575.0/sq&nbsp;mi. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 519 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.6% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.07.

