==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 329
|1900= 640
|1910= 668
|1920= 627
|1930= 763
|1940= 754
|1950= 941
|1960= 1016
|1970= 1025
|1980= 891
|1990= 954
|2000= 1108
|2010= 1265
|2020= 1274
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1267
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the borough was 30.7% non-Hispanic White, 8.9% Black or African American, 1.4% Native American, 0.8% Asian, and 2.8% were two or more races. 59.0% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Philadelphia gains, Pittsburgh shrinks in population |work=[[USA Today]] |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110314234139/https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |archive-date=2011-03-14 |url-status=dead}}</ref>

At the time of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2016-12-13 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,108 people, 345 households, and 247 families residing in Avondale. The population density was {{convert|2,248.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 361 housing units at an average density of {{convert|732.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Avondale was 69.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race accounted for 38.09% of the population.

Out of the 345 households, 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were married couples living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.52.

The population of Avondale was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 113.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.3 males.

The [[Median household income|median income]] for a household in Avondale was $46,875, and the median income for a family was $48,833. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $25,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $16,794. About 9.7% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

