==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 650
|1860= 680
|1870= 739
|1880= 713
|1890= 740
|1900= 566
|1910= 545
|1920= 598
|1930= 600
|1940= 620
|1950= 667
|1960= 638
|1970= 998
|1980= 901
|1990= 845
|2000= 773
|2010= 791
|2020= 795
|estyear=2021
|estimate=795
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 791 people, 302 households, and 217 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,788.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|762.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% African-American, 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.  10% claimed German ancestry, 8% Irish, 8% English, and 35% considered themselves "American."

As of 2009, there were 302 households (263 occupied, 39 vacant<ref name="citymelt.com">{{Cite web |title=Dauphin Borough, Pennsylvania Complete Analysis |url=http://www.citymelt.com/city/Pennsylvania/Dauphin+Borough-PA.html |url-status=deviated |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161130032139/http://www.citymelt.com/city/Pennsylvania/Dauphin+Borough-PA.html |archive-date=2016-11-30 |access-date=20 Jun 2023 |website=citymelt}}</ref>), out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. Of 15 unmarried partner households, 3 households were listed as male householder with male partner, while there were no female householder/female partner listed.  The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $44,219, and the median income for a family was $50,125. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $25,865 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,227. About 5.1% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

