==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 198
|1930= 196
|1940= 214
|1950= 181
|1960= 185
|1970= 216
|1980= 98
|1990= 53
|2000= 31
|2010= 22
|2020= 30
|estyear=2021
|estimate=31
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 12, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 12, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 22 people, 14 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|22.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 14 households, of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 14.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 78.6% were non-families. 64.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.57 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 36.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 31 people, 17 households, and 8 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|31.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.23% of the population.

There were 17 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.9% were non-families. 52.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 29.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 150.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $13,542, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,502. There were 45.5% of families and 54.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

