==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|161
|1890|154
|1900|272
|1910|288
|1920|327
|1930|275
|1940|272
|1950|280
|1960|323
|1970|326
|1980|322
|1990|260
|2000|272
|2010|260
|2020|237
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 237 people, 101 households, and 69 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 522.6 inhabitants per square mile (201.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 106 housing units at an average density of 233.8 per square mile (90.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 101 households, 26.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% were cohabitating couples, 13.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 31.7% of all households were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 24.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 and 44; 26.6% were from 45 and 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 260 people, 106 households, and 80 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|565.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|237.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.8% from two or more races.

There were 106 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.5% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 272 people, 105 households, and 80 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|582.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.74% from two or more races.

There were 105 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $25,694 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,794. About 4.7% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.9% of those 65 or over.

