==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1920= 1270
|1930= 1771
|1940= 1861
|1950= 1982
|1960= 2244
|1970= 2862
|1980= 2617
|1990= 2467
|2000= 2639
|2010= 1809
|2020= 1892
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,812 people, 757 households, and 517 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,996.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 781 housing units at an average density of {{convert|860.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 757 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $47,400, and the median income for a family was $56,679. Males had a median income of $37,583 versus $27,539 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $22,088. About 4.5% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

