==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 133
|1920= 335
|1930= 618
|1940= 1006
|1950= 1007
|1960= 953
|1970= 1731
|1980= 1655
|1990= 1856
|2000= 1660
|2010= 1495
|2020= 1379
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Ringgold racial composition<ref name=":6">{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2264905&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 478
| 34.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 785
| 56.93%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 7
| 0.51%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 84
| 6.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 25
| 1.81%
|}
Since the downturn of the lumber and oil industry, Ringgold has struggled with a declining population. According to the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,379 people, 605 households, and 414 families residing in the town. Per the 2018 American Community Survey, there were 764 total housing units and 605 occupied housing units.<ref>{{Cite web|title=ACS Occupied Housing Units Estimates 2018|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Ringgold%20town,%20Louisiana&g=1600000US2264905&tid=ACSST5Y2018.S2502&hidePreview=false|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> At the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,660 people, 636 households, and 410 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|715.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 749 housing units at an average density of {{convert|322.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

In 2018, the median income in the town was $19,475 and the mean income was $31,650.<ref>{{Cite web|title=ACS Annual Income Estimates 2018|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Ringgold%20town,%20Louisiana%20income&g=1600000US2264905&tid=ACSST5Y2018.S1901&hidePreview=false|access-date=September 8, 2020|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Ringgold had a median rent of $415 from 2014-2018.<ref>{{Cite web|title=ACS Financial Characteristics 2018|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Ringgold%20town,%20Louisiana%20income&g=1600000US2264905&tid=ACSST5Y2018.S2503&hidePreview=false|access-date=September 8, 2020|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The U.S. Census Bureau estimated approximately 46.5% of the population lived at or below the poverty line.<ref>{{Cite web|title=ACS Poverty Status Estimates 2018|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Ringgold%20town,%20Louisiana%20poverty&g=1600000US2264905&tid=ACSST5Y2018.S1701&hidePreview=false|access-date=September 8, 2020|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately 8.0% of the population had a bachelor's degree or higher, and the town had a 36.5% employment rate.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Geographic Profile of Ringgold, Louisiana, USA|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2264905|access-date=July 1, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for a household in the town was $15,326 in 2000, and the median income for a family was $21,563. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,817. About 36.5% of families and 38.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.9% of those under age 18 and 33.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 636 households in 2000, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. A tabulated 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.13.<ref name="GR2" /> In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.0 males.

In 2018, the racial makeup of the town in 2018 was 35.0% White (34.2% [[Non-Hispanic whites|non-Hispanic white]]), 63.7% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian or Alaska Native]], and 1.7% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref name=":0">{{Cite web|title=ACS Demographics & Housing Estimates 2018|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Ringgold%20town,%20Louisiana&g=1600000US2264905&tid=ACSDP5Y2018.DP05&hidePreview=false|access-date=September 7, 2020|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Ringgold had an average of 72.7 males per 100 females aged 18 and older, and 49.1 males per 100 females aged 65 and older.<ref name=":0" /> At the 2000 census, the racial makeup of the town was 43.92% [[White Americans|White]], 55.30% African American, 0.30% Native American, 0.06% Asian, and 0.42% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 0.54% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> Since 2020, there has been a predominant Black or African American population, followed by non-Hispanic whites.<ref name=":6" />

According to Sperling's BestPlaces, roughly 75% of the local population are religious, with [[Christianity]] being the dominant religion.<ref name=":1">{{Cite web|title=Religion in Ringgold, Louisiana, United States|url=https://www.bestplaces.net/religion/city/louisiana/ringgold|access-date=September 7, 2020|website=Sperling's BestPlaces}}</ref> The largest Christian group in Ringgold are [[Baptists]], spread among the [[Southern Baptist Convention]], [[Independent Baptist|independent Baptist churches]], and the [[Progressive National Baptist Convention]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=SBC Churches Directory|url=https://churches.sbc.net/|access-date=September 8, 2020|website=Southern Baptist Convention|language=en-US}}</ref><ref name=":2">{{Cite web|title=Church History {{!}} Starlight Baptist Church of Ringgold|url=https://www.starlightofringgold.org/church-history|access-date=September 8, 2020|website=Starlight|language=en}}</ref> Hebrew Missionary Baptist Church is the founding headquarters of the Louisiana Progressive Baptist State Convention, established by Henry F. Johnson, Jr.<ref name=":2" /><ref>{{Cite web|title=Louisiana Progressive Baptist State Convention|url=https://coraweb.sos.la.gov/commercialsearch/CommercialSearchDetails.aspx?CharterID=1391066_38D8621453|access-date=September 11, 2020|website=coraweb.sos.la.gov}}</ref> [[Methodism|Methodists]] were the second largest, dominated by the [[United Methodist Church]], followed by [[Catholic Church|Catholics]] and other Christians.<ref name=":1" />

