==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| footnote = Sources: <ref name="GR2"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2000 = 400
| 2010 = 415
| 2020 = 441
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 400 people, 143 households, and 113 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 312.6 people per square mile (120.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 148 housing units at an average density of 115.7/sq&nbsp;mi (44.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.00% of the population.

There were 143 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.8% were married couples living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 27.3% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,708, and the median income for a family was $36,484. Males had a median income of $35,870 versus $34,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,279. None of the families and 1.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

