==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 940
|1920= 2957
|1930= 4152
|1940= 3830
|1950= 3689
|1960= 3512
|1970= 3396
|1980= 2678
|1990= 2310
|2000= 2389
|2010= 2167
|2020= 1862
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 census, the [[center of population]] in Cuyahoga County was located in Newburgh Heights, near East 26th Street.<ref name="ref4">[https://www.census.gov/geo/www/cenpop/county/coucntr39.html County Population Centroids for Ohio]</ref>

96.0% spoke [[English language in the United States|English]], 3.4% [[Polish language|Polish]], and 0.7% [[Spanish language in the United States|Spanish]].<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |title=Data Center Results |access-date=August 6, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130815140430/http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |archive-date=August 15, 2013 }}</ref>

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Newburgh Heights village, Ohio – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Newburgh Heights village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US3954250&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Newburgh Heights village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3954250&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Newburgh Heights village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3954250&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|2,226
|1,654
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1,249
|93.18%
|76.33%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |67.08%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|71
|322
|style='background: #ffffe6; |338
|2.97%
|14.86%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |18.15%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|5
|3
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2
|0.21%
|0.14%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.11%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|3
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5
|0.13%
|0.23%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.27%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.05%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|1
|6
|style='background: #ffffe6; |22
|0.04%
|0.28%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.18%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|24
|58
|style='background: #ffffe6; |92
|1.00%
|2.68%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.94%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|59
|118
|style='background: #ffffe6; |154
|2.47%
|5.45%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |8.27%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''2,389'''
|'''2,167'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''1,862 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,167 people, 958 households, and 536 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3736.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1974.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 79.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.4% of the population.

There were 958 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 37.2 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,389 people, 1,052 households, and 621 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|4,104.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,987.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.47% of the population.

There were 1,052 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,409, and the median income for a family was $42,131. Males had a median income of $37,650 versus $24,969 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,636. About 9.2% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.

