==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 241
|1930= 258
|1940= 291
|1950= 247
|1960= 263
|1970= 189
|1980= 191
|1990= 140
|2000= 138
|2010= 162
|2020= 179
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=July 19, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 162 people, 65 households, and 41 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|274.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 65 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the town was 37.3 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 138 people, 63 households, and 40 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|301.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 115.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $33,333. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,360. There were 6.5% of families and 8.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

