==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 517
| 1880 = 637
| 1890 = 733
| 1900 = 750
| 1910 = 931
| 1920 = 1032
| 1930 = 1082
| 1940 = 1201
| 1950 = 1197
| 1960 = 1276
| 1970 = 1319
| 1980 = 1188
| 1990 = 1074
| 2000 = 1000
| 2010 = 1053
| 2020 = 972
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,000 people, 382 households, and 270 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,015.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 444 housing units at an average density of {{convert|451.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.90% of the population.

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000 the largest self-reported ancestry groups in McGraw were: English at 31%, German at 13%, Irish at 12%, Dutch at 7%, Italian at 6%, French at 6%, Polish at 4%, Scottish at 1%, Scotch-Irish at 1%, Welsh at 1%, Greek at 1%, American Indian tribes, specified at 1% and Portuguese at 1%

There were 382 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $38,654. Males had a median income of $27,361 versus $22,063 for females. The per capita income for the village was $15,076. About 9.8% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over. The top 5 ethnic groups in McGraw are.· English at 31%, Germans at 13%, Irish at 12%, Dutch at 7% and Italians at 6%.

