==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,182 people, 507 households, and 370 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 444.4 people per square mile (270.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 552 housing units at an average density of 325.7/sq&nbsp;mi (126.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the community was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 507 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.74.

The community's age distribution is 20.0% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $35,033, and the median income for a family was $37,467. Males had a median income of $31,462 versus $21,136 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $15,057. About 11.5% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 21.3% of those age 65 or over.

{{US Census population
|1910= 
|1920= 
|1930= 
|1940= 
|1950= 
|1960= 
|1970= 1486
|1980= 1161
|1990= 1238
|2000= 1182
|2010= 1222
|2020= 1116
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1125
|estref=<ref>https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/west-virginia/elkview</ref> {{increase}}
}}

