==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 254 people, 94 households, and 64 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 165.2 people per square mile (63.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 104 housing units at an average density of 67.6/sq&nbsp;mi (26.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 92.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.36% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 18.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 39.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 36.6% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,156, and the median income for a family was $24,125. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,950. About 23.9% of families and 29.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

