==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 153
|1890= 127
|1900= 447
|1910= 366
|1920= 663
|1930= 586
|1940= 753
|1950= 890
|1960= 886
|1970= 756
|1980= 753
|1990= 625
|2000= 599
|2010= 871
|2020= 751
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=November 13, 2012}}</ref> the city had 871 people, 313 households and 210 families. The [[population density]] was {{convert|821.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 367 housing units at an average density of {{convert|346.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The city's racial make-up was 63.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 35.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 0.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 313 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present and 32.9% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.53.

The median age was 36.8 years. 31.3% of the city's population was under age 18; 7.9% was from age 18 to 24, 18.3% was from age 25 to 44, 23.1% was from age 45 to 64 and 19.3% was age 65 or older. The city's sex make-up was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> the city had 599 people, 291 households and 178 families. The [[population density]] was {{convert|577.7|/sqmi}}. There were 341 housing units at an average density of {{convert|328.9|/sqmi}}. The city's racial make-up was 97.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.17% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 291 households, of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.67.

19.4% of the city's population was under age 18, 6.5% was from age 18 to 24, 22.7% was from age 25 to 44, 22.7% was from age 45 to 64 and 28.7% was age 65 or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The city's [[median household income]] was $24,013 and the median family income was $34,167. Males had a median income of $24,750 and females $20,192. The [[per capita income]] was $15,637. About 5.0% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

