==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1960= 477
|1970= 684
|1980= 462
|1990= 433
|2000= 656
|2010= 405
|2020= 379
|estyear=2022
|estimate=380
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=May 1, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 1, 2023}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web| title=Total Population for Iowa's Incorporated Places: 1850-2000 | url=http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20070927235314/http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf | archive-date=2007-09-27}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 379 people, 155 households, and 114 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 206.1 inhabitants per square mile (79.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 168 housing units at an average density of 91.4 per square mile (35.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 89.7% [[White Americans|White]], 2.6% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 6.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 4.7% of the population.

Of the 155 households, 25.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% were cohabitating couples, 18.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 14.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.5% of all households were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 21.4% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 and 44; 28.2% were from 45 and 64; and 24.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 405 people, 162 households, and 128 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|220.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 162 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.0% were non-families. 17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 48.4 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212221153/http://factfinder.census.gov/main.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=American FactFinder}}</ref> of 2000, there were 656 people, 270 households, and 193 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|366.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|159.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.29% of the population.

There were 270 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were married couples living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.88.

26.1% are under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,656, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $28,194 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,074. About 13.9% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.5% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.

