==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 53
|1890= 81
|1920= 87
|1930= 124
|1940= 132
|1950= 97
|1960= 169
|1970= 134
|1980= 341
|1990= 456
|2000= 772
|2010= 883
|2020= 845
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

In [[Russian Alaska]], Creole ''[[promyshlenniki]]'' intermarried with and [[Aleut people|Aleut]]s and [[Alutiiq]]s gave rise to a small but influential population of '''[[Alaskan Creole people|Alaskan Creoles]].''' Ninilchik first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as an unincorporated Creole village.<ref>{{cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=Ninilchik&pg=PA49 | title=Geological Survey Professional Paper| year=1949}}</ref> All 53 of its residents were Creole. It returned in 1890 with 81 residents, however the census combined the adjacent locales of the Laida native village and [[Anchor Point, Alaska|Anchor Point]] mine along with Treadwell coal mine (not to be confused with the [[Treadwell gold mine|Treadwell]] that is now within [[Juneau, Alaska|Juneau]]). There were 53 Creole residents (probably all Ninilchik residents), 16 Natives (probably the Tinneh residents of Laida), and 12 Whites (probably the residents of the two mining locales).<ref>{{cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=CRcwAAAAYAAJ&q=%22Annovokhamiut%22&pg=RA2-PA164 |title = Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census, 1890|year = 1893|last1 = Census Office|first1 = United States}}</ref> Ninilchik did not return again until 1920, when it was spelled as "Ninilchic" on the census. It returned as Ninilchik again in 1930, and in every successive census to date. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 772 people, 320 households, and 223 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|3.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 762 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.25% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 13.99% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.11% from two or more races.  0.65% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 320 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were married couples living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $41,750. Males had a median income of $29,861 versus $22,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,463.  About 10.4% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 7.2% of those age 65 or over.

