==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 162
|1920= 156
|1930= 184
|1940= 153
|1950= 109
|1960= 62
|1970= 38
|1980= 22
|1990= 17
|2000= 17
|2010= 17
|2020= 4
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 17 people, 9 households, and 6 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|58.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 12 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 9 households, of which 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 33.3% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.17.

The median age in the town was 53.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 47% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 64.7% male and 35.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 17 people, 6 households, and 6 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|27.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 7 housing units at an average density of 11.5 per square mile (4.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 6 households, out of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 0.0% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 41.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $16,875, and the median income for a family was $16,875. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,371. Below the [[poverty line]] were 23.8% of people, 28.6% of families, 40.0% of those under 18 and 33.3% of those over 64.

