==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 195
|1900= 282
|1910= 410
|1920= 387
|1930= 355
|1940= 325
|1950= 284
|1960= 293
|1970= 408
|1980= 400
|1990= 367
|2000= 389
|2010= 352
|2020= 406
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 352 people, 134 households, and 102 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|902.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.9% were non-families. 18.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 389 people, 139 households, and 104 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,283.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|504.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $40,417, and the median income for a family was $45,179. Males had a median income of $27,583 versus $22,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,937. About 11.0% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

