==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 84
|1970= 197
|1980= 181
|1990= 132
|2000= 155
|2010= 137
|2020= 126
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 155 people, 71 households, and 42 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|75.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.23% of the population.

There were 71 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were married couples living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 18.1% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $36,719. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,542. About 23.4% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 32.0% of those 65 or over.

