==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 11
|1930= 135
|1940= 25
|1950= 90
|1960= 164
|1970= 524
|1980= 555
|1990= 540
|2000= 417
|2010= 531
|2020= 561
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 417 people, 145 households, and 126 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|938.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|366.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. In 2010, the racial makeup of the village was 72.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.6% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 4.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], and 0.2% [[Pacific Islander]]. 6.2% were of some other race, and 2.9% were of two or more races; [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] of any race comprised 16.3% of the population.<ref name="American FactFinder">{{Cite web| url=https://www.census.gov| title= Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 more information 2010 Demographic Profile Data: Shoreham village, New York| publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]| access-date=October 22, 2013}}</ref>

There were 145 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.1% were non-families. 11.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 17.7% from 25 to 44, 36.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $109,719, and the median income for a family was $116,985. Males had a median income of $81,873 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $37,620. None of the families and 1.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty threshold]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

