==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 57
|1960= 82
|1970= 86
|1980= 151
|1990= 142
|2000= 144
|2010= 133
|2020= 118
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 133 people, 60 households, and 39 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1477.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|700.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.0% from two or more races.

There were 60 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.54.

The median age in the town was 51.3 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 41.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 144 people, 59 households, and 40 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,490.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|620.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.1% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 32.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $59,375. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,791. There were none of the families and 4.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.6% of those over 64.

