==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 491
|1920= 755
|1930= 671
|1940= 534
|1950= 497
|1960= 509
|1970= 613
|1980= 437
|1990= 374
|2000= 400
|2010= 375
|2020= 330

|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 375 people, 172 households, and 94 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|390.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 172 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.91.<ref>{{Cite web |last=Government of Canada |first=Statistics Canada |date=December 13, 2017 |title=Appendix G - Estimated number of households and average household size by domain, Canada |url=https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/pub/62f0026m/2017002/app-ann-g-eng.htm |access-date=February 23, 2024 |website=www150.statcan.gc.ca}}</ref>

The median age in the town was 44.6 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 400 people, 175 households, and 105 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|419.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 175 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,833, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,171. About 6.2% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

