==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 462
|1890= 662
|1900= 700
|1910= 793
|1920= 653
|1930= 546
|1940= 471
|1950= 449
|1960= 474
|1970= 472
|1980= 443
|1990= 396
|2000= 351
|2010= 323
|2020= 343
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 323 people, 142 households, and 91 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|621.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|328.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 142 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 40.1 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 351 people, 148 households, and 96 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|745.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.57% from two or more races.

There were 148 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,406, and the median income for a family was $40,156. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,892. About 11.1% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 41.9% of those age 65 or over.

