==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 621
|1890= 1285
|1900= 687
|1910= 516
|1920= 411
|1930= 473
|1940= 536
|1950= 791
|1960= 792
|1970= 899
|1980= 772
|1990= 688
|2000= 1389
|2010= 1309
|2020= 1118
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,389 people, 523 households, and 348 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 365.2 people per square mile (141.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 583 housing units at an average density of 153.3 per square mile (59.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 62.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 36.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 523 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,871, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $26,538 versus $21,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,571. About 10.4% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

