==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 482
| 1940 = 381
| 1950 = 405
| 1960 = 320
| 1970 = 334
| 1980 = 391
| 1990 = 346
| 2000 = 383
| 2010 = 382
| 2020 = 319
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 329
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 383 people, 150 households, and 102 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|85.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.78% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.92% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.04% from two or more races. 1.04% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 150 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,368, and the median income for a family was $21,875. Males had a median income of $16,964 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,310. About 25.0% of families and 28.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.0% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

