==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 100
| 1880 = 119
| 1910 = 259
| 1920 = 270
| 1930 = 238
| 1940 = 253
| 1950 = 261
| 1960 = 249
| 1970 = 265
| 1980 = 294
| 1990 = 316
| 2000 = 328
| 2010 = 297
| 2020 = 280
| 2020n = <ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Doylestown%20village,%20Wisconsin|title=2020 US Census |publisher=Census.gov|access-date=October 29, 2024}}</ref>
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Doylestown%20village,%20Wisconsin|title=2020 US Census |publisher=Census.gov|access-date=October 29, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 297 people, 116 households, and 85 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|76.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2% of the population.

There were 116 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.7% were non-families. 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 43.3 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 328 people, 121 households, and 84 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 83.4 people per square mile (32.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 123 housing units at an average density of 31.3 per square mile (12.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 4.27% of the population.

There were 121 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 36.3% from 25 to 44, 13.4% from 45 to 64, and 14% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $53,125, and the median income for a family was $56,563. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $26,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,157. None of the families and 2.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no people under 18 and 5% of those over 64.

