==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 345
|1910= 311
|1920= 265
|1930= 223
|1940= 248
|1950= 199
|1960= 156
|1970= 99
|1980= 126
|1990= 71
|2000= 100
|2010= 68
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 100 people, 39 households, and 28 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,306.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|666.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.00% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 36.0% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $23,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,214. There were 12.5% of families and 19.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

