==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 100
|1910= 161
|1920= 99
|1930= 114
|1940= 107
|1950= 112
|1960= 248
|1970= 359
|1980= 438
|1990= 510
|2000= 437
|2010= 419
|2020= 441
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=mdy-all}}</ref>
}}
{{coord|44|40|25|N|92|58|02|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 419 people, 156 households, and 121 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|436.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.4% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 40.6 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 437 people, 150 households, and 118 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|438.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.06% of the population.

There were 160 households, out of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $61,667, and the median income for a family was $68,036. Males had a median income of $40,521 versus $30,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,552.  None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 7.9% of those over 64.

