==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 327
|1910= 360
|1920= 368
|1930= 446
|1940= 520
|1950= 609
|1960= 684
|1970= 933
|1980= 1222
|1990= 1195
|2000= 1457
|2010= 1586
|2020= 1462
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1390
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Dobson racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3717340&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,062
| 72.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 64
| 4.38%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 9
| 0.62%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 30
| 2.05%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 40
| 2.74%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 257
| 17.58%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,462 people, 657 households, and 327 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,457 people, 555 households, and 339 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|813.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 594 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 19.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.81% of the population.

There were 555 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,765, and the median income for a family was $34,792. Males had a median income of $22,050 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,346. About 17.8% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under age 18 and 22.9% of those age 65 or over.

