==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 840 people, 351 households, and 244 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|509.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 403 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 351 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.88.

{{US Census population
|1980= 1195
|1990= 759
|2000= 840
|2010= 770
|2020= 548
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,421, and the median income for a family was $20,795. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,029. About 33.3% of families and 39.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 55.8% of those under age 18 and 16.8% of those age 65 or over.

