==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 181
|1920= 155
|1930= 147
|1940= 148
|1950= 109
|1960= 79
|1970= 60
|1980= 69
|1990= 37
|2000= 40
|2010= 39
|2020= 30
|estyear=2021
|estimate=31
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 39 people, 16 households, and 11 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|557.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 16 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 30.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 40 people, 19 households, and 12 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|587.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 36.8% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $19,583 versus $13,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,321. There were no families and 11.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

