==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1960 = 69
| 1970 = 53
| 1980 = 43
| 1990 = 38
| 2000 = 36
| 2010 = 30
| 2020 = 46
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 43
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Census.gov |url=https://www.census.gov/en.html |access-date=February 27, 2024 |website=Census.gov |language=EN-US}}</ref> of 2000, there were 36 people, 14 households, and 11 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|198.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.67% [[White Americans|White]], and 8.33% from two or more races.

There were 14 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $21,000 versus $40,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,358. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

