==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 972
| 1950 = 1158
| 1960 = 1294
| 1970 = 1059
| 1980 = 1256
| 1990 = 970
| 2000 = 1195
| 2010 = 1097
| 2020 = 1168
| estyear = 2022
| estimate = 1227
| estref = <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-37.xlsx |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in North Carolina: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=April 23, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Robbins racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3757000&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-22|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 475
| 40.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 50
| 4.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 12
| 1.03%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 41
| 3.51%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 589
| 50.43%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,168 people, 526 households, and 332 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,195 people, 423 households, and 286 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|935.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 471 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 63.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.42% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 32.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 48.37% of the population.

There were 423 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,828, and the median income for a family was $33,523. Males had a median income of $21,346 versus $17,391 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,468. About 18.4% of families and 22.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.1% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

