==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 321
|1920= 467
|1930= 497
|1940= 489
|1950= 578
|1960= 557
|1970= 623
|1980= 770
|1990= 722
|2000= 805
|2010= 809
|2020= 825
|estyear=2023
|estimate=816
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2024}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 809 people, 287 households, and 217 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|359.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 333 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 287 households, of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.4% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82, and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the city was 34.8 years. 30.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 805 people, 271 households, and 213 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|566.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.48% of the population.

There were 271 households, out of which 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97, and the average family size was 3.45.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $35,078 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,323. About 5.5% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those aged 65 or over.

