==Demographics==
===2010 census===
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 50
| 1960 = 53
| 1970 = 136
| 1980 = 154
| 1990 = 159
| 2000 = 215
| 2010 = 286
| 2020 = 193
| footnote = source:<ref>Moffatt, Riley.  ''Population History of Western U.S. Cities & Towns, 1850-1990''.  [[Lanham, Maryland|Lanham]]: Scarecrow, 1996, 94.</ref>
}}As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 286 people, 122 households, and 74 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|43.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 692 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 122 households, of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.3% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 45 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 34.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 215 people, 90 households, and 57 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|34.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 425 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.19% of the population.

There were 90 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $22,292 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,617. About 21.0% of families and 23.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.9% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

