==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 898
|1870= 1631
|1900= 2705
|1910= 2837
|1920= 2756
|1930= 2548
|1940= 2465
|1950= 2167
|1960= 1669
|1970= 1177
|1980= 1102
|1990= 765
|2000= 692
|2010= 588
|2020= 526
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Mound City city, Illinois – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Mound City city, Illinois|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US1750751&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Mound City city, Illinois|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US1750751&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|256
|193
|43.54%
|36.69%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|314
|295
|53.40%
|56.08%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|1
|2
|0.17%
|0.38%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|1
|0
|0.17%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|2
|6
|0.34%
|1.14%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race or Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|5
|26
|0.85%
|4.94%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|9
|4
|1.53%
|0.76%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''588'''
|'''526'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 588 people and 270 households. The racial makeup of the city was 44.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 53.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], a single [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], three individuals from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and eight individuals from two or more races. There were nine people who were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 692 people, 279 households, and 178 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|973.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 319 housing units at an average density of {{convert|448.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 49.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 49.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.16% of the population.

There were 279 households, out of which 40.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 65.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,607, and the median income for a family was $22,143. Males had a median income of $35,469 versus $15,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,020. About 35.5% of families and 39.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.5% of those under age 18 and 26.0% of those age 65 or over.

