==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1980 = 61
| 1990 = 75
| 2000 = 120
| 2010 = 149
| 2020 = 71
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Miller's Cove, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Miller%27s%20Cove%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 23, 2024}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 120 people, 25 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|716.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|197.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 31.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 61.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 81.67% of the population.

There were 25 households, out of which 68.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.0% were non-families. 8.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.80 and the average family size was 5.10.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 40.0% under the age of 18, 15.0% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 11.7% from 45 to 64, and 2.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 148.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $19,773 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,892. There were 22.2% of families and 25.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of under eighteens and 57.1% of those over 64.

