==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 481
|1980= 387
|1990= 400
|2000= 411
|2010= 601
|2020= 502
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 20, 2023}}</ref>
}}

===2010 and 2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Briny Breezes racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<br>
!Race
!Pop 2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Briny Breezes town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Briny+Breezes+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Briny Breezes town, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Briny+Breezes+town;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|594
|479
|98.84%
|95.42%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|2
|0
|0.33%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|0.40%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Other races (U.S. Census)|Some other race]] (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|0.40%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races/Multiracial]] (NH)
|0
|3
|0.00%
|0.60%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|5
|16
|0.83%
|3.19%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''601'''
|'''502'''
|
|
|-
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 502 people, 427 households, and 214 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Briny+Breezes+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2020.S1101|access-date=June 20, 2023|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 601 people, 407 households, and 218 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Briny+Breezes+town;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2010.S1101|access-date=June 20, 2023|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 411 people, 266 households, and 129 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|5,912.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 534 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7,682.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

In 2000, there were 266 households, out of which 1.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.5% were non-families. 48.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.55 and the average family size was 2.06.

In 2000, in the town, the population was skewed toward mostly older persons with 1.9% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 4.9% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 66.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 70 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.0 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $55,500. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $33,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $35,338.  About 1.5% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

As of 2000, speakers of [[English language|English]] as a [[first language]] accounted for 100% of all residents. It, along with [[Cloud Lake, Florida|Cloud Lake]], and [[Golf, Florida|Golf]], and [[Jupiter Inlet Colony, Florida|Jupiter Inlet Colony]] were the only [[municipality|municipalities]] in Palm Beach county with all residents having the [[mother tongue]] of English.<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=12&county_id=&mode=place&zip=&place_id=8575&cty_id=&ll=&a=&ea=&order=r |title=MLA Data Center Results for Briny Breezes, Florida |access-date=November 8, 2025 |archive-date=May 23, 2011 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110523021929/http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=12&county_id=&mode=place&zip=&place_id=8575&cty_id=&ll=&a=&ea=&order=r |url-status=dead }}</ref>

