==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 511
|1880= 373
|1890= 637
|1900= 631
|1910= 742
|1920= 743
|1930= 683
|1940= 753
|1950= 746
|1960= 817
|1970= 901
|1980= 1080
|1990= 854
|2000= 836
|2010= 763
|2020= 725
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 836 people, 357 households, and 210 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,231.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 395 housing units at an average density of {{convert|581.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 357 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 73.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,438, and the median income for a family was $32,386. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $16,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,520. About 11.8% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under age 18 and 20.4% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 Census===
The 2010 census <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2016-12-15}}</ref> reflected a decline in the city's population to 763.  These lived in 317 households, with 184 of those being families. Seventy-four families had children under the age of 18.  The average household size was 2.15, and the average family size was 2.85.  In 122 households, there was one individual.

Racially, 754 of the 763 were white, four were Native American and five were of more than one race.  Two white individuals identified as Hispanic or Latino, with origins in Mexico.

The city's median age was 46.4 years.  Males were 44.2, while females were 49.3, reflecting greater longevity.  For age 85 and above, there were 19 males and 38 females.

