==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 133
|1900= 141
|1910= 111
|1920= 134
|1930= 137
|1940= 191
|1950= 226
|1960= 208
|1970= 227
|1980= 246
|1990= 284
|2000= 327
|2010= 387
|2020= 314
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 387 people, 149 households, and 107 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,935|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|750|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 16% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.9 years. Males made up 49.1% of the population and females made up 50.9%.

The median income for a household in the borough was $47,115, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,927. About 2.3% of families and 4.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

