==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 275
|2020= 275
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2019-03-23|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 275 people comprising 149 households in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|130|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 330 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.0% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.7% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.52.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 12.4% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 34.9% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 100 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,969.

