==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 127
|1890= 132
|1900= 148
|1910= 108
|1920= 98
|1930= 82
|1940= 51
|1950= 52
|1960= 43
|1970= 30
|1980= 31
|1990= 43
|2000= 33
|2010= 45
|2020= 47
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census there were 45 residents of Panola. The median age of the population was 44. 1 resident reported being both black and white and one resident reported being Hispanic or Latino, while the remaining 42 residents were non-Hispanic whites.<ref>2010 general profile of population and housing characteristics of Panola from the United States census</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 33 people, 13 households, and 11 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|163.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 6.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 13 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 84.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 7.7% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.2% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,875, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $47,500 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,259. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

