==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 142
|1970= 138
|1980= 267
|1990= 436
|2000= 421
|2010= 408
|2020= 377
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 408 people, 144 households, and 124 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|510.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 144 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 13.9% were non-families. 11.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.9% were from 25 to 44; 43% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 421 people, 140 households, and 120 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|509.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.6% were non-families. 11.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.01 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $102,496, and the median income for a family was $104,670. Males had a median income of $61,250 versus $42,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $38,383.  None of the families and 0.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

