==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1316
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,488 people, 488 households, and 386 families residing in the hamlet. The population density was {{convert|240.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 504 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 97.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 488 households, out of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.7% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $48,000, and the median income for a family was $53,239. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $25,227 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,063. None of the families and 2.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 3.4% of those over 64.

The hamlet is served by the [http://ransomvillevfc.com/ Ransomville Volunteer Fire Company] with their station located on [[NY Route 93]] Youngstown-Lockport Road. The [http://www.uppermountainfire.com Upper Mountain Fire Company] of [[Lewiston, New York]] provides Advanced Life Support services to Ransomville.

