==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 989
|1960= 942
|1970= 821
|1980= 741
|1990= 667
|2000= 722
|2010= 668
|2020= 561
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Sycamore Hills village, Missouri – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Sycamore Hills village, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2972034&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Sycamore Hills village, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2972034&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Sycamore Hills village, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2972034&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|654
|530
|style='background: #ffffe6; |394
|90.58%
|79.34%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |70.23%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|50
|78
|style='background: #ffffe6; |100
|6.93%
|11.68%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |17.83%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|3
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.42%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5
|0.00%
|0.75%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.89%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|2
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0.28%
|0.75%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.18%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|10
|22
|style='background: #ffffe6; |32
|1.39%
|3.29%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5.70%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|3
|28
|style='background: #ffffe6; |29
|0.42%
|4.19%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5.17%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''722'''
|'''668'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''561 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

As of the 2020 census, there were 560 people and 291 households living in the city. The racial makeup of the village was 71.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (70.4% non-Hispanic White), 18.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 8.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.<ref name ="2020 Census"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2012, there were 827 people, 293 households, and 171 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4771.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 294 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 293 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 40.9 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 722 people, 289 households, and 180 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|5,249.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,152.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 289 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,146, and the median income for a family was $45,893. Males had a median income of $36,518 versus $26,016 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,761. About 2.2% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

