==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 1450
|2000= 1459
|2010= 1400
|2020= 1315
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,459 people, 500 households, and 379 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,758.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 576 housing units at an average density of {{convert|694.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The largest recorded ethnic ancestries are: American (33.0%), Italian (12.7%), Irish (11.2%), Polish (7.8%), German (7.7%), English (6.1%) representing successive historical waves of immigration to New York. The [[Race (human categorization)|racialised]] makeup of the village was 98.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|"White"]] including 40% of ethnic English or Anglo-American ancestry and 7.7% German ancestry, 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], "1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|South and East Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|"other races"]], and 0.07% from two or more "races." [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] ethnicities of any racialised category were 14.3% of the population (Italian (12.7%), 1.6% Latin America). 
<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/en.html|title=Census.gov|website=Census.gov}}</ref>

There were 553 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population age distribution is 24.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,365, and the median income for a family was $45,066. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $22,976 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,087. About 6.6% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

