==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 268
|1900= 697
|1910= 769
|1920= 935
|1930= 971
|1940= 1068
|1950= 1182
|1960= 1195
|1970= 1189
|1980= 1240
|1990= 1166
|2000= 959
|2010= 945
|2020= 982
|estyear=2022
|estimate=946
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 11, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 11, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 20, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

Northwood has the highest percentage of [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian American]] ancestry of any city in the United States.<ref name="test">[http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/Norwegian.html Ancestry By City],.</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 945 people, 397 households, and 243 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|744.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 443 housing units at an average density of {{convert|348.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 397 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 45.3 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 26.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 959 people, 408 households, and 243 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|923.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 459 housing units at an average density of {{convert|441.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

Of the 408 households, 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 27.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,000, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $31,389 versus $21,389 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,923. About 2.8% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.4% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

