==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 490
|1890= 812
|1910= 917
|1920= 914
|1930= 918
|1940= 937
|1950= 854
|1960= 964
|1970= 830
|1980= 863
|1990= 744
|2000= 636
|2010= 605
|2020= 561
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 636 people, 267 households, and 182 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,184.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 277 housing units at an average density of {{convert|951.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 267 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,066, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $21,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,853. About 9.0% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

