==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 75
| 2010 = 100
| 2020 = 99
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Harrisburg is part of the [[Scottsbluff, Nebraska]] [[Scottsbluff micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===Harrisburg CDP===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 75 people, 31 households, and 23 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 14.0 people per square mile (5.4/km{{sup|2}}). There were 33 housing units at an average density of 6.2/sq&nbsp;mi (2.4/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.67% of the population.

There were 31 households, out of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 14.7% from 25 to 44, 36.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $47,083, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $11,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,992. There were no families and 2.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

