==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=14 May 2011|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,021 people, 491 households, and 236 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,042|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 580 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,160|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.5% of the population.  Pike County has one of the highest concentration of same-sex households of any county in Pennsylvania.

There were 491 households, out of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.9% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 16.3% under the age of 18, 59.9% from 18 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.3 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $33,571, and the median income for a family was $46,136. Males had a median income of $40,500 versus $28,333 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $21,011. About 4.0% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

