==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,766 people, 440 households, and 371 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 56.3 people per square mile (21.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 498 housing units at an average density of 15.9/sq&nbsp;mi (6.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 18.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 80.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.15% of the population.

There were 440 households, out of which 44.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.5% were non-families. 13.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.96 and the average family size was 4.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 41.6% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 5.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,679, and the median income for a family was $24,659. Males had a median income of $25,119 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,943. About 35.5% of families and 45.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.3% of those under age 18 and 36.5% of those age 65 or over.

