==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 260
|1930= 272
|1940= 324
|1950= 342
|1960= 314
|1970= 275
|1980= 273
|1990= 235
|2000= 245
|2010= 237
|2020= 199
|estyear=2024
|estimate=190
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2024"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 census, there were 245 people comprising 96 households and 69 families residing in the borough.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|1,391.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|568.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]].

There were 96 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $29,980, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $25,250 versus $25,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,500. About 4.8% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under the age of 18 and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

