==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 643
|1860= 916
|1870= 741
|1880= 715
|1900= 1236
|1910= 1288
|1920= 1347
|1930= 1248
|1940= 1228
|1950= 1397
|1960= 1522
|1970= 1580
|1980= 1653
|1990= 1613
|2000= 1813
|2010= 1805
|2020= 1770
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,805 people, 736 households, and 436 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1611.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 799 housing units at an average density of {{convert|713.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 736 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 41 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.6% male and 55.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,813 people, 660 households, and 432 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,637.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 698 housing units at an average density of {{convert|630.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 660 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,819, and the median income for a family was $51,193. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $26,518 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,083. About 4.9% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

