==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=295
|2020=284
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Stirling City first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Stirling City had a population of 284. The population density was {{convert|241.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Stirling City was 194 (68.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.7%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (1.8%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 25 (8.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 57 (20.1%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 41 persons (14.4%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Stirling City CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0674186 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 124 households, out of which 35 (28.2%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 43 (34.7%) were married-couple households, 22 (17.7%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 25 (20.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 34 (27.4%) had a male householder with no partner present. 27 households (21.8%) were one person, and 9 (7.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.29.<ref name=DP1/> There were 82 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (66.1% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Stirling City CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0674186 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 67 people (23.6%) under the age of 18, 16 people (5.6%) aged 18 to 24, 56 people (19.7%) aged 25 to 44, 76 people (26.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 69 people (24.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 46.0{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 121.9 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 124 (78.5%) were occupied. Of these, 69 (55.6%) were owner-occupied, and 55 (44.4%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

