==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 363
|1880= 1132
|1890= 1424
|1900= 1460
|1910= 1630
|1920= 1833
|1930= 1945
|1940= 2203
|1950= 2367
|1960= 2578
|1970= 3030
|1980= 2965
|1990= 3240
|2000= 3708
|2010= 3933
|2020= 4080
|estyear=2024
|estimate=3720
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|website=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|website=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 4,080 people.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,933 people, 1,687 households, and 1,027 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|990.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,808 housing units at an average density of {{convert|455.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 1,687 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 3,708 people, 1,512 households, and 952 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|952.4|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 1,606 housing units at an average density of {{convert|412.5|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. 0.86% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,512 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,401, and the median income for a family was $51,581. Males had a median income of $35,163 versus $22,672 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,778. About 4.9% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.1% of those under age 18 and 7.2% of those age 65 or over.

