==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1144
|1910= 983
|1920= 1162
|1930= 914
|1940= 887
|1950= 1060
|1960= 748
|1970= 950
|1980= 947
|1990= 830
|2000= 619
|2010= 651
|2020= 890
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 890 people, 330 households, and 274 families residing in the town.
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+McAdenville racial composition<ref name=":0">{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3739880&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov|archive-date=December 20, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20211220125123/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3739880&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|url-status=live}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 757
| 85.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 33
| 3.71%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 21
| 2.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 31
| 3.48%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 48
| 5.39%
|}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 619 people, 247 households, and 182 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|450.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 282 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.32% from two or more races.

There were 247 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,513, and the median income for a family was $40,750. Males had a median income of $30,781 versus $21,481 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,130. About 6.4% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.

