==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 122
| 1950 = 1004
| 1960 = 806
| 1970 = 971
| 1980 = 992
| 1990 = 791
| 2000 = 778
| 2010 = 781
| 2020 = 1355
| estyear = 2021
| estimate = 1390
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 781 people, 356 households, and 195 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|600.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 356 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 40.8 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 778 people, 362 households, and 201 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|592.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 430 housing units at an average density of {{convert|327.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 362 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,583, and the median income for a family was $26,806. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $17,212 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,958. About 25.4% of families and 27.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.4% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

