==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 133
|1920= 144
|1930= 117
|1940= 121
|1950= 165
|1960= 145
|1970= 140
|1980= 150
|1990= 130
|2000= 134
|2010= 131
|2020= 122
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 131 people, 49 households, and 34 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|184.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 49 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the village was 37.5 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29% were from 25 to 44; 22.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 134 people, 53 households, and 40 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|188.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.99% from two or more races.

There were 53 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,333. There were 4.3% of families and 3.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

