==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 261
|1910= 451
|1920= 752
|1930= 730
|1940= 984
|1950= 1106
|1960= 1256
|1970= 1137
|1980= 1392
|1990= 1292
|2000= 1259
|2010= 1115
|2020= 1092
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,115 people, 479 [[household]]s, and 298 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1022.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 541 housing units at an average density of {{convert|496.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 479 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 47.4 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 25.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,259 people, 510 households, and 318 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,160.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 542 housing units at an average density of {{convert|499.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 510 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 28.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $46,750. Males had a median income of $31,292 versus $20,850 for [[female]]s. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,305. About 5.6% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.

