==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 280
|1910= 166
|1920= 128
|1930= 128
|1940= 178
|1950= 123
|1960= 90
|1970= 108
|1980= 92
|1990= 72
|2000= 86
|2010= 100
|2020= 77
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 100 people, 36 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|370.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.8% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 33.5 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 33 households, and 23 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|340.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.49% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,542, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,339. There were 12.5% of families and 15.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6%-= of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

