==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 290
|1890= 316
|1900= 314
|1910= 320
|1920= 297
|1930= 279
|1940= 275
|1950= 288
|1960= 328
|1970= 273
|1980= 282
|1990= 218
|2000= 248
|2010= 209
|2020= 199
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 209 people, 76 households, and 57 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1607.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|676.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 76 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the town was 39.6 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 248 people, 82 households, and 62 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,755.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|665.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.61% of the population.

There were 82 households, out of which 42.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.51.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 14.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.3 males.

The median income for an average household in the town was $37,188, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $32,321 versus $15,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,692. None of the families and 2.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

