==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1920= 246
|1930= 279
|1940= 257
|1950= 216
|1960= 178
|1970= 123
|1980= 75
|1990= 57
|2000= 48
|2010= 30
|2020= 30
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 30 people, 15 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 75 people per square mile (29/km{{sup|2}}). There were 44 housing units at an average density of 110 per square mile (44/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White American|White]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 0.0% of the population.<ref name=Census>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = 2011-08-08}}</ref>

There were 15 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% had a male householder with no wife present, 0.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.3% were non-families. 53.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 60.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00, and the average family size was 3.14.<ref name=Census/>

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100 males age 18 and over.<ref name=Census/>

The median income for a household in the city was $37,857, and the median income for a family was $38,393. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,152. There were 0.0% of families and 0.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]].<ref name=Census/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 48 people, 27 households, and 15 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|126.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.08% from two or more races.

There were 27 households, out of which 14.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the city the population was spread out, with 12.5% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 8.3% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 37.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 62 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.1 males.

