==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 291
|1910= 288
|1920= 280
|1930= 237
|1940= 214
|1950= 199
|1960= 177
|1970= 161
|1980= 144
|1990= 185
|2000= 141
|2010= 97
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 97 people, 41 households, and 25 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|388.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 10.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 41 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 38.8 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 141 people, 56 households, and 38 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|569.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.55% of the population.

There were 56 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $21,500. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,613. There were 13.6% of families and 21.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.8% of under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

