==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1302
|2010= 991
|2020= 912
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,302 people, 526 households, and 341 families residing in the census designated place (CDP). The population density was {{convert|68.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 657 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 88.02% White, 1.15% African American, 2.00% Native American, 1.15% Asian, 0.84% Pacific Islander, 4.22% from other races, and 2.61% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.84% of the population.

There were 526 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,966, and the median income for a family was $40,608. Males had a median income of $35,609 versus $24,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,687. About 7.2% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

