==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 31
|1990= 247
|2000= 149
|2010= 297
|2020= 244
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tazlina first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP). In 1990, it lost that designation and was reclassified as an unincorporated Alaskan Native Village Statistical Area (ANVSA). In 2000, it regained its status as a census-designated place (CDP). The former CDP of '''Copperville''' was consolidated into Tazlina effective as of the 2010 census.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 149 people, 59 households, and 37 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|22.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 69.13% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 24.83% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 6.04% from two or more races. 2.68% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 59 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 30.2% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 136.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $56,000, and the median income for a family was $57,917. Males had a median income of $42,500 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,992. There were 7.3% of families and 8.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

