==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 206
|1950= 140
|1960= 136
|1970= 81
|1980= 76
|1990= 56
|2000= 50
|2010= 36
|2020= 43
|estyear=2021
|estimate=40
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 23, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 23, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 36 people, 17 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|225.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 17 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 41.2% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 51.5 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 36.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 50 people, 21 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|312.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 10 females there were 10.8 males. For every 10 females age 18 and over, there were 11.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,662. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

