==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 127
|1870= 197
|1880= 235
|1890= 216
|1900= 215
|1910= 191
|1920= 164
|1930= 148
|1940= 184
|1950= 223
|1960= 228
|1970= 213
|1980= 219
|1990= 201
|2000= 191
|2010= 161
|2020= 121
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 161 people, 65 households, and 46 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1788.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|844.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 65 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.2% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 40.6 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.1% male and 55.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 191 people, 70 households, and 56 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,159.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|848.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 70 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $31,458. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $15,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,793. About 18.8% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

