==Demographics==

===2020 census===
According to the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name=":03"/> Manchester's population was 5,714. The population density was 1,850.7 people per square mile, and there were 2,373 housing units, of which 2,246 were occupied. Within Manchester's population, 86.2% of residents were [[White (US Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Black or African-American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 1.6% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 5.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race made up 6.4% of the  population.

There were 2,077 households in the CDP, with an average household size of 2.73 people and an average family size of 3.04. Of the households, 58.5% were married couples living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 15.2% had a male householder with no spouse present.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data: Manchester CDP, Washington|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5342450|access-date=2022-01-23|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> 25.8% of the population was under age 18, while 14.9% were over age 65.

The median household income in Manchester was $80,045, while the median income for a family was $82,455. Married-couple families had the highest median income of any household type. at $106,066. For the entire CDP, the [[Per capita income|per-capita income]] was $34,000. 11.7% of the population was below the federal [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 17% of people under age 18 and 6.3% of people over age 65.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,958 people, 1,819 households, and 1,395 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1,693.4 people per square mile (653.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,913 housing units at an average density of 653.4/sq&nbsp;mi (252.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 1,819 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $52,213, and the median income for a family was $56,118. Males had a median income of $39,695 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,946. About 4.9% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 1.5% of those age 65 or over.

