==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 344
|1920= 365
|1930= 328
|1940= 392
|1950= 440
|1960= 372
|1970= 417
|1980= 379
|1990= 362
|2000= 347
|2010= 330
|2020= 239
|estyear=2021
|estimate=243
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 25, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 9, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 330 people, 134 households, and 82 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|916.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 83.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 13.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.3% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.21.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 21.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 347 people, 148 households, and 83 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|973.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 88.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.31% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $47,857. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $18,571 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,290.  About 6.0% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

