==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 159
|1880= 268
|1890= 256
|1900= 259
|1910= 260
|1920= 260
|1930= 336
|1940= 362
|1950= 331
|1960= 392
|1970= 811
|1980= 1350
|1990= 1390
|2000= 1358
|2010= 1439
|2020= 1345
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Silver Lake is part of the [[Topeka, Kansas metropolitan area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,439 people, 563 households, and 414 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2481.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 601 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1036.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 563 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,358 people, 538 households, and 394 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,470.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 568 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,033.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.77% of the population.

There were 538 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.6% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $52,788, and the median income for a family was $59,875. Males had a median income of $40,847 versus $28,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,290. About 2.2% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.9% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

