==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1432
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 633 people, 222 households, and 172 families residing in the community. The population density was {{convert|1,010.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 238 housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.05% of the population.

There were 222 households, out of which 45.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.18.

The population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 37.1% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $39,861, and the median income for a family was $40,156. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $14,901. About 13.3% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

