==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 182
|1890= 142
|1900= 153
|1910= 142
|1920= 127
|1930= 150
|1940= 120
|1950= 134
|1960= 142
|1970= 128
|1980= 151
|1990= 108
|2000= 106
|2010= 86
|2020= 76
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 86 people, 31 households, and 25 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1720.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.3% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, of which 45.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.4% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 35 years. 31.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 106 people, 39 households, and 23 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,526.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|977.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 39 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 18.9% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,586. There were 28.1% of families and 27.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of under eighteens and 21.4% of those over 64.

