==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 350
|1930= 471
|1940= 449
|1950= 496
|1960= 540
|1970= 574
|1980= 717
|1990= 847
|2000= 1007
|2010= 1086
|2020= 1113
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=2015-06-04}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,086 people, 461 households, and 294 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|775.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 503 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 461 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 38.4 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 22% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,007 people, 404 households, and 273 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|919.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 411 housing units at an average density of {{convert|375.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 404 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were married couples living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $46,125. Males had a median income of $30,583 versus $23,295 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,466.  About 5.8% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 and over.

