==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|align=right
|1900= 369
|1910= 383
|1920= 435
|1930= 654
|1940= 852
|1950= 1089
|1960= 1479
|1970= 1408
|1980= 1425
|1990= 1284
|2000= 1241
|2010= 1154
|2020= 1088
|estyear=2025
|estimate=1047
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,241 people, 538 households, and 381 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|1,285.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 561 housing units at an average density of {{convert|580.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 97.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=September 2007}}

There were 538 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.80.{{Citation needed|date=September 2007}}

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 17.7% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 6.0% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 22.2% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 27.4% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 26.7% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-seven years.

For every one hundred females, there were 91.2 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 89.1 males.{{Citation needed|date=September 2007}}

The median income for a household in the borough was $40,500, and the median income for a family was $48,173. Males had a median income of $37,188 compared with that of $30,536 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,446.

Approximately 5.0% of families and 7.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.3% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 6.6% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.{{Citation needed|date=September 2007}}

