==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 220
|1940= 258
|1950= 223
|1960= 183
|1970= 139
|1980= 113
|1990= 92
|2000= 91
|2010= 84
|2020= 64
|estyear=2022
|estimate=61
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 84 people, 44 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|311.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 44 households, of which 15.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 45.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 51.2 years. 15.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 40.5% male and 59.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 91 people, 43 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|318.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 43 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 38.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,625, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,208. There were 8.3% of families and 6.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.9% of those over 64.

