==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 1149
|2010= 1083
|2020= 1008
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Los Indios racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4844128&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 21, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|41
|4.07%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|1
|0.1%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|0.1%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|3
|0.3%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|962
|95.44%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,008'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,008 people, 232 households, and 169 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,149 people, 273 households, and 245 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|668.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 310 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 53.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 43.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 95.82% of the population.

There were 273 households, out of which 56.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.9% were non-families. 9.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.21 and the average family size was 4.46.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 39.9% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 15.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.9 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $19,702, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $16,429 versus $12,014 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $5,711. About 45.0% of families and 47.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.1% of those under age 18 and 52.1% of those age 65 or over.

Los Indios hosts the only border crossing allowed for use by transmigrantes. Transmigrantes are those bringing cargo overland through Mexico to Central America, as opposed to cargo that has Mexico as its final destination. Most of this cargo being brought overland to Central America is in the form of used vehicles. Guatemala is the most common destination, with some cargo headed for Honduras and other Central American countries. Frequently there will be an early morning line of 200 plus vehicles waiting to cross the border at Los Indios, bound for Central America. The route through Mexico to the Guatemalan border at Ciudad Hidalgo is about {{convert|1350|mi|km}}, virtually all two lane roads running through the centers of towns with heavy truck traffic during the day—a challenging journey even for an experienced transmigrante.
