==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,256 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 938.01 people per square mile (362.14/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 655 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 7.1% from two or more races. 4.1% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Miamitown CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Miamitown_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3949462 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=20 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 607 households, out of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 7.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 39.4% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 28.5% had a female householder with no spouse present. 58.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97, and the average family size was 4.04.<ref name="2020 census"/>

22.6% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 62.8% were 18 to 64, and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25.6. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $61,985. About 22.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 61.5% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 63.4% of the population were employed, and 12.7% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

