==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 188
|1930= 205
|1940= 197
|1950= 180
|1960= 185
|1970= 197
|1980= 212
|1990= 216
|2000= 209
|2010= 204
|2020= 185
|estyear=2022
|estimate=184
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 204 people, 78 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|384.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.5% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 209 people, 75 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|390.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 75 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.0% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $22,125 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,369. About 6.2% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

