==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 1028
|2020= 852
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Kenwood had a population of 852. The population density was {{convert|164.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Kenwood was 685 (80.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 8
 (0.8%) [[African Americans|African American]], 4 (0.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 14 (1.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 4 (0.5%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 37 (4.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 101 (11.9%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 87 persons (10.2%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Kenwood CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0638156 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The census reported that 825 people (96.8% of the population) lived in households, 9 (1.1%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 18 (2.1%) were institutionalized.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 385 households, out of which 61 (15.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 202 (52.5%) were married-couple households, 20 (5.2%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 106 (27.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 57 (14.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 119 households (30.9%) were one person, and 74 (19.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.14.<ref name=DP1/> There were 244 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (63.4% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Kenwood CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0638156 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 102 people (12.0%) under the age of 18, 29 people (3.4%) aged 18 to 24, 142 people (16.7%) aged 25 to 44, 270 people (31.7%) aged 45 to 64, and 309 people (36.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 60.3{{nbsp}}years.    For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 475 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 385 (81.1%) were occupied. Of these, 328 (85.2%) were owner-occupied, and 57 (14.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

