==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 2571
|1880= 3049
|1890= 4032
|1900= 5396
|1910= 7194
|1920= 8603
|1930= 9587
|1940= 8296
|1950= 6304
|1960= 5471
|1970= 6118
|1980= 6295
|1990= 6291
|2000= 6220
|2010= 6984
|2020= 7297
|estyear=2021
|estimate=7348
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=4 March 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/archbaldboroughpennsylvania,US/PST045221|title=Archblad borough, Pennsylvania|website=census.gov|accessdate=July 7, 2022}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=14 May 2011|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 7,011 people, 2,802 households, and 1,948 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was 408.7/sqmi (157.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 2,952 housing units at an average density of 173/sqmi (67.5/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the borough was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 2,802 households, out of which 29% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.5% were non-families. 26% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.0.

The borough population contained 22.9% under the age of 18, 60.3% from 18 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $39,428, and the median income for a family was $52,410. Males had a median income of $36,913 versus $26,343 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,352. About 3.8% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

