==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 125
|1900= 311
|1910= 289
|1920= 283
|1930= 306
|1940= 355
|1950= 344
|1960= 333
|1970= 347
|1980= 365
|1990= 339
|2000= 359
|2010= 332
|2020= 328
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 13, 2012}}</ref> the city had 332 people, 132 households and 90 families. The [[population density]] was {{convert|677.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. Housing units numbered 142 at an average density of {{convert|289.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

36.4% of 132 households had children under the age of 18 living in them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age was 34.4 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The population were 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> the city's population comprised 359 people, 132 households and 99 families, with a [[population density]] of 727.2 per square mile (282.9/km{{sup|2}}). The 137 housing units were at an average density of {{convert|277.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.28% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

40.2% of 132 households had children under the age of 18 living in them, 68.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.14.

29.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $50,703 and the median family income was $56,875. Males had a median income of $34,500 compared with $21,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,693. None of the families and 1.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 1.8% of those over 64.

