==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 171
|1970= 139
|1980= 138
|1990= 148
|2000= 209
|2010= 157
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020= 145
|2020n= <ref>{{cite web |title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=2025-09-16}}</ref>
|estyear= 2024
|estimate= 146
|estref= <ref>{{cite web |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population |url=http://eadiv.state.wy.us/pop/wyc&sc2050.htm |publisher=State of Wyoming Economic Analysis Division |access-date=2026-01-16}}</ref> {{increase}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010,<ref>{{cite web |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 - Frannie |url=http://eadiv.state.wy.us/demog_data/pop2010/Profile/Frannie.pdf |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |date=2011-05-18| archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20250810010506/http://eadiv.state.wy.us/demog_data/pop2010/Profile/Frannie.pdf| archive-date=2025-08-10| url-status=live}}</ref> there were 157 people, 70 households, and 50 families residing in the town. There were 77 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% African-American, 0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.6% of the population.  Some individuals identified as more than one race.  Thus these figures add-up to more than 100%.

Of the town's 70 households 30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families.  1.4% of all households had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 20, 7% from 20 to 29, 19.8% from 30 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.3 years.

