==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 186
|1920= 240
|1930= 276
|1940= 291
|1950= 212
|1960= 153
|1970= 95
|1980= 74
|1990= 81
|2000= 65
|2010= 57
|2020= 34
|estyear=2024
|estimate=32
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 15, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2024 census===
As of 2024, the United States Census Bureau estimated Brocket's population at 32 residents, continuing a long-term downward trend from its 2010 population of 57.<ref>{{Cite web |last= |first= |date=May 2025 |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |access-date=2026-04-27 |website=Census.gov |language=en}}</ref> Despite the small population, Brocket gained regional attention in 2024 due to the gubernatorial campaign of [[Tammy Miller (politician)|Tammy Miller]], who served as the 39th [[List of lieutenant governors of North Dakota|Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota]] and was born in Brocket.<ref>{{Cite web |last=Gick |first=Justin |date=2024-02-15 |title=Lt. Governor Tammy Miller announces run for ND governor |url=https://www.kfyrtv.com/2024/02/15/lt-governor-tammy-miller-announces-run-governor/ |access-date=2026-04-27 |website=KFYR Tv |language=en}}</ref>

Economic data for 2024 suggests a significant shift in the local wealth profile, with the median household income estimated at $103,750, a sharp increase from previous decades, while the poverty rate remained at 0%.<ref name="WorldPopReview">{{cite web |title=Brocket, North Dakota Population 2024 |url=https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/north-dakota/brocket |access-date=April 27, 2026 |publisher=World Population Review}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 57 people, 25 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|73.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=Brocket, ND Population - Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts - CensusViewer|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/ND/Brocket|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130615011112/http://censusviewer.com/city/ND/Brocket|url-status=usurped|archive-date=June 15, 2013|access-date=October 26, 2020|website=censusviewer.com}}</ref>

There were 25 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.1% were from 25 to 44; 33.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.9% male and 42.1% female.

===2000 census===
As per the [[census]] of 2000, there were 65 people, 26 households, and 15 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 83 people per square mile (32.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 6.15% from two or more races.

There were 26 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,583, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,548. There were no families and 10.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

