==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 44
|1900= 311
|1910= 285
|1920= 273
|1930= 243
|1940= 251
|1950= 229
|1960= 254
|1970= 214
|1980= 222
|1990= 155
|2000= 167
|2010= 126
|2020= 137
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 126 people, 55 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|168.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 55 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.2% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 46 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 34% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 167 people, 60 households, and 46 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|214.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.80% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.59% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 138.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,820. About 4.9% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.2% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

