==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 318
|2010= 326
|2020= 245
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Gordonville town, Alabama – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Gordonville town, Alabama|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US0130808&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Gordonville town, Alabama|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US0130808&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|17
|1
|5.21%
|0.41%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|309
|231
|94.79%
|94.29%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race or Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|0
|10
|0.00%
|4.08%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|0
|3
|0.00%
|1.22%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''326'''
|'''245'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 170 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 72.4% Black and 24.7% White. 2.9% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 161 people, 56 households, and 40 families residing in 70 housing units in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 29.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 70.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 56 households, out of which 32% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27% were non-families. 23% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.9 and the average family size was 3.5.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30% under the age of 18, 11% from 18 to 24, 23% from 25 to 44, 22% from 45 to 64, and 14% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were approximately 83 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were approximately 90 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,917, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $10,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,585. About 33% of families and 41% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 60% of those under the age of 18 and 33% of those 65 or over.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 318 people, 112 households, and 84 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|56.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.91% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 3.77% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 0.31% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]]. 1.26% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 112 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.38.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $10,278, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $25,375 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,948. About 37.8% of families and 42.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.0% of those under age 18 and 69.1% of those age 65 or over.

