==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 327
|1930= 327
|1940= 435
|1950= 520
|1960= 430
|1970= 436
|1980= 602
|1990= 600
|2000= 656
|2010= 872
|2020= 968
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 872 people, 380 households, and 231 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1503.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 452 housing units at an average density of {{convert|779.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.8% of the population.

There were 380 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.2% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 656 people, 277 households, and 178 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,978.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|977.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.84% of the population.

There were 277 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,455, and the median income for a family was $29,886. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,182. About 17.1% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

