==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 341
|1940= 453
|1950= 476
|1960= 519
|1970= 489
|1980= 473
|1990= 386
|2000= 441
|2010= 483
|2020= 457
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 441 people, 167 households, and 105 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 464.8 people per square mile (179.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 183 housing units at an average density of 192.9 per square mile (74.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 66.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.04% of the population.

There were 167 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,005. About 4.0% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

