==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1001
|1880= 1260
|1890= 1163
|1900= 1080
|1910= 960
|1920= 832
|1930= 818
|1940= 834
|1950= 866
|1960= 861
|1970= 833
|1980= 721
|1990= 659
|2000= 691
|2010= 705
|2020= 560
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015 |archive-date=July 17, 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220717060613/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |url-status=live }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 25, 2013 |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2010, there were 705 people, 285 households, and 192 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|3065.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1413.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 285 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were married couples living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 42.8 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 691 people, 286 households, and 193 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|3,119.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,372.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]], and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 286 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,786, and the median income for a family was $52,875. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $22,000 for females. The per capita income for the town was $20,917. About 1.1% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

