==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 511
|1910= 416
|1920= 332
|1930= 426
|1940= 437
|1950= 428
|1960= 393
|1970= 409
|1980= 373
|1990= 332
|2000= 357
|2010= 464
|2020= 450
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 357 people, 168 households, and 97 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|474.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 168 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,286, and the median income for a family was $31,563. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,997. About 15.2% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.

