==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 268
|1870= 321
|1880= 351
|1890= 238
|1900= 364
|1910= 384
|1920= 300
|1930= 316
|1940= 338
|1950= 333
|1960= 396
|1970= 831
|1980= 1034
|1990= 969
|2000= 1171
|2010= 1236
|2020= 1211
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1208
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Source:<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=June 3, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,236 people, 518 households, and 344 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|882.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 568 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 518 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.6% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the town was 42.8 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,171 people, 490 households, and 338 families residing in Buffalo. The [[population density]] was 828.4 inhabitants per square mile (320.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 559 housing units at an average density of 395.4 per square mile (153.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 490 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,481, and the median income for a family was $35,938. Males had a median income of $29,519 versus $16,106 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,005. About 12.8% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over. -->

