==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 531
|1960= 577
|1970= 494
|1980= 414
|1990= 264
|2000= 318
|2010= 309
|2020= 272
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 309 people, 143 households, and 84 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|583.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.7% White (U.S. Census)], 0.3% African American, 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 143 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the town was 46.9 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older.  The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 318 people, 140 households, and 84 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|547.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,500, and the median income for a family was $32,841. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,213. About 6.6% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

