==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 150
| 1890 = 132
| 1910 = 611
| 1920 = 1312
| 1930 = 550
| 1960 = 658
| 1970 = 746
| 1980 = 711
| 1990 = 502
| 2000 = 517
| 2010 = 407
| 2020 = 339
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 325
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 517 people, 206 households, and 142 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|270.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 56.48% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 41.78% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 1.55% from two or more races.  0.97% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 206 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were married couples living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the age distribution of the population shows 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $31,125. Males had a median income of $33,472 versus $16,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,323.  About 26.6% of families and 33.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.1% of those under age 18 and 32.8% of those age 65 or over.

