==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 467
|1890= 434
|1900= 408
|1910= 340
|1920= 289
|1930= 288
|1940= 257
|1950= 315
|1960= 277
|1970= 216
|1980= 265
|1990= 190
|2000= 202
|2010= 209
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 209 people, 76 households, and 59 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|950.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|422.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 76 households, of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.4% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the town was 42.1 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 34% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.1% male and 45.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 202 people, 73 households, and 60 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|906.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|484.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 73 households, out of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.8% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $38,438. Males had a median income of $29,135 versus $26,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,866. About 6.0% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

