==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,065 people, 912 households, and 534 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|176.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 1,158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.60% of the population.

There were 912 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were married couples living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 23.1% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.6 males.

