==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 455
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 452 people, 165 households, and 129 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|339.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 57.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 34.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 86.06% of the population.

There were 165 households, out of which 41.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.8% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,906, and the median income for a family was $27,426. Males had a median income of $19,700 versus $27,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,445. About 19.1% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

