==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 62
|1890= 143
|1900= 156
|1910= 183
|1920= 160
|1930= 154
|1940= 147
|1950= 134
|1960= 86
|1970= 87
|1980= 82
|1990= 78
|2000= 61
|2010= 64
|2020= 51
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 61 people, 28 households, and 16 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|226.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 68.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 31.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 28 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 60.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 56.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $19,688 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,033. There were 12.5% of families and 15.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 27.8% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

