==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 4424
|1900= 5145
|1910= 7196
|1920= 8451
|1930= 8610
|1940= 9495
|1950= 9902
|1960= 9691
|1970= 9005
|1980= 8653
|1990= 8276
|2000= 8560
|2010= 8234
|2020= 8100
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/antigocitywisconsin/POP010220#POP010220 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2020, there were 8,100 people, 3,694 households residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1254.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.9% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=2012-11-18 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2010, there were 8,234 people, 3,613 households, and 2,049 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1259|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3,972 housing units at an average density of {{convert|607.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 3,613 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.88.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=2008-01-31 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 8,560 people, 3,630 households, and 2,221 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,328.7 people per square mile (513.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 3,938 housing units at an average density of 611.3 per square mile (236.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. 1.2% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 3,630 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,548, and the median income for a family was $40,883. Males had a median income of $29,932 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,592. About 10.2% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

