==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 134
|1970= 92
|1980= 152
|1990= 174
|2000= 174
|2010= 183
|2020= 150
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 183 people, 70 households, and 49 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1525.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 70 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.0% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the village was 37.5 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 174 people, 65 households, and 49 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,527.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|605.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.72% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 35.6% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $34,063. Males had a median income of $23,214 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,576. None of the families and 5.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 31.3% of those over 64.

