==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 924
| 1940 = 712
| 1950 = 536
| 1960 = 544
| 1970 = 535
| 1980 = 638
| 1990 = 558
| 2000 = 516
| 2010 = 494
| 2020 = 429
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 409
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 516 people, 219 households, and 146 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|500.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 274 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 65.70% White, 33.33% Black or African American, 0.58% Native American, and 0.39% from two or more races.  1.55% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 219 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,268, and the median income for a family was $26,042. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,860.  About 25.5% of families and 25.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.9% of those under age 18 and 17.2% of those age 65 or over.

