==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 234
|1940= 212
|1950= 159
|1960= 137
|1970= 107
|1980= 127
|1990= 118
|2000= 111
|2010= 64
|2020= 54
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
In 1915, the estimated population was 200.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=5zdAAQAAMAAJ&dq=nashville+journal+kansas+biennial+report&pg=RA1-PA216 | title=Biennial Report of the Board of Directors of the Kansas State Historical Society| year=1916}}</ref>
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 54 people, 33 households, and 18 families in Nashville.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Nashville%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 263.4 per square mile (101.7/km{{sup|2}}). There were 50 housing units at an average density of 243.9 per square mile (94.2/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Nashville%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 96.3% (52) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (96.3% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.7% (2) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Nashville%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Nashville%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 33 households, 21.2% had children under the age of 18; 36.4% were married couples living together; 18.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.3% of households consisted of individuals and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.8 and the average family size was 2.3.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Nashville%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 7.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Nashville%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

14.8% of the population was under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 37.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 62.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.2 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 76.9 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 64 people, 39 households, and 19 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|290.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 39 households, of which 7.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.3% were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.64 and the average family size was 2.21.

The median age in the city was 55 years. 6.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 39.1% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.4% male and 40.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 111 people, 45 households, and 36 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|497.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.70% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,613. There were 11.1% of families and 17.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and 3.7% of those over 64.

