==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 548
|1970= 448
|1980= 431
|1990= 341
|2000= 323
|2010= 339
|2020= 305
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
Boone is a part of the [[Pueblo, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area]] and the [[Front Range Urban Corridor]].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 323 people, 131 households, and 89 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|719.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|329.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 93.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 31.58% of the population.

There were 131 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $26,964. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,628.  About 7.8% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.9% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

