==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 40
|1890= 161
|1900= 190
|1910= 1049
|1920= 1449
|1930= 1141
|1940= 1354
|1950= 1651
|1960= 1934
|1970= 1892
|1980= 1680
|1990= 1696
|2000= 1659
|2010= 1558
|2020= 1428
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1396
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Colfax racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2216375&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 532
| 37.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 834
| 58.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 41
| 2.87%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 16
| 1.12%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,428 people, 686 households, and 470 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,659 people, 600 households, and 408 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,111.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 709 housing units at an average density of {{convert|474.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 67.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 30.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 600 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 32.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,500, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $14,310 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,155. About 36.3% of families and 41.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 59.0% of those under age 18 and 25.3% of those age 65 or over.

