==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 227
|1970= 202
|1980= 545
|1990= 696
|2000= 442
|2010= 374
|2020= 307
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

King Salmon first appeared on the 1960 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) as of the 1980 census.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 442 people, 196 households, and 105 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 343 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 66.29% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.13% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 28.96% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]] (i.e. 1 person), 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.17% from two or more races. 0.45% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 196 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were married couples living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.4% were non-families. 41.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 35.7% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 2.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $54,375, and the median income for a family was $64,375. Males had a median income of $45,000 versus $35,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,755. About 8.8% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

