==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 474
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 474 people, 148 households, and 113 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|64.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of 24.7 per square mile (9.5/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 97.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.48% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.20 and the average family size was 3.74.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,417, and the median income for a family was $24,519. Males had a median income of $20,313 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,657. About 26.6% of families and 28.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.6% of those under age 18 and 37.8% of those age 65 or over.

