==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 246
|1900= 348
|1910= 263
|1920= 282
|1930= 327
|1940= 243
|1950= 283
|1960= 292
|1970= 226
|1980= 261
|1990= 175
|2000= 191
|2010= 170
|2020= 158
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 170 people, 90 households, and 51 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1062.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|687.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 90 households, of which 17.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.47.

The median age in the city was 51.5 years. 13.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 33.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 191 people, 98 households, and 53 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,133.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|688.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 20.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.9% were non-families. 41.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 76.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $17,361, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,500 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,642. About 16.3% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.9% of those 65 or over.

