==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 38
|2010= 43
|2020= 18
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Four Mile Road first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 38 people, 16 households, and 10 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|42.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|21.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 73.68% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 26.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 16 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 34.2% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 5.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 136.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $53,125, and the median income for a family was $66,250. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $8,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,465. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

