==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 262
|1930= 251
|1940= 300
|1950= 217
|1960= 220
|1970= 190
|1980= 155
|1990= 150
|2000= 156
|2010= 208
|2020= 172
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 208 people, 92 households, and 65 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|416.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.3% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the town was 46.3 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 156 people, 69 households, and 38 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|305.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.92% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.5% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $33,393. Males had a median income of $17,321 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,600. About 17.0% of families and 23.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.0% of those 65 or over.

