==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 182
|1890= 306
|1900= 488
|1910= 552
|1920= 505
|1930= 453
|1940= 513
|1950= 609
|1960= 607
|1970= 522
|1980= 576
|1990= 504
|2000= 566
|2010= 551
|2020= 522
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 551 people, 220 households, and 147 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|725.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 235 housing units at an average density of {{convert|309.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 220 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.2% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 566 people, 211 households, and 148 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|733.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,464, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $24,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,624.  About 4.2% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

