==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 256
|1910= 328
|1920= 343
|1930= 304
|1940= 327
|1950= 272
|1960= 217
|1970= 177
|1980= 141
|1990= 116
|2000= 117
|2010= 64
|2020= 57
|estyear=2022
|estimate=52
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 1, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 1, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 64 people, 29 households, and 18 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|59.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.3% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 10.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 49 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 29.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 117 people, 48 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|108.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.85% from two or more races.

There were 48 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,500, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $22,292 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,322. There were 15.4% of families and 21.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of under eighteens and 75.0% of those over 64.

