==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 147
|1890= 506
|1900= 474
|1910= 462
|1920= 439
|1930= 467
|1940= 535
|1950= 760
|1960= 822
|1970= 877
|1980= 876
|1990= 846
|2000= 954
|2010= 954
|2020= 1034
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The [[American Community Survey|2010 American Community Survey 5-year estimate]]<ref name=AmFactFinder>{{cite web | url= https://www.census.gov |title= U.S. Census website | publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=March 11, 2012}}</ref>  indicates the median income for a household in the village was $30,104 and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $21,809 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,471. About 12.9% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under the age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]]<ref name="AmFactFinder"/> indicates Hesperia had a 2010 population of 954. There was no change in the population from the [[2000 United States census]]. In 2010 there were 382 households and 231 families in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,211.5 per square mile (467.8 square kilometers). There were 431 housing units at an average density of 547.3 per square mile (211.3 square kilometers). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial and ethnic makeup]] of the village was 88.5% White, 0.0% Black or African American, 1.0% Native American, 0.1% Asian, 8.1% Hispanic or Latino, 0.0% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races.

There were 382 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.8% were [[Family|husband and wife families]], 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 39.5% were non-families, and 34.8% were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78 males.

