==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 300
|1990= 1049
|2000= 2385
|2010= 5145
|2020= 9851
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=source:<ref>Moffatt, Riley. ''Population History of Western U.S. Cities & Towns, 1850–1990''. [[Lanham, Maryland|Lanham]]: Scarecrow, 1996, 311.</ref>
US Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=US Decennial Census|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=January 17, 2023}}</ref>}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 2,385 people, 701 households, and 625 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,842.7|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 718 housing units at an average density of {{convert|554.7|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.22% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.53% of the population.

There were 701 households, out of which 55.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.8% were non-families. 9.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.4% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 3.40 and the average family size was 3.64.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 37.7% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 2.9% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 30&nbsp;years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $66,295, and the median income for a family was $67,930. Males had a median income of $47,008 versus $31,477 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,347. None of the families and 0.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

