==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 58
|1960= 283
|1970= 292
|1980= 259
|1990= 250
|2000= 176
|2010= 222
|2020= 192
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 222 people, 83 households, and 54 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1707.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|684.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 83 households, of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.28.

The median age in the town was 34.8 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 9.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

{{Hidden begin}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 176 people, 67 households, and 52 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,425.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|583.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 0.57% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 67 households, out of which 43.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.9% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $55,417. Males had a median income of $31,806 versus $23,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,016. About 2.0% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.
{{Hidden end}}

