==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 310
|1970= 313
|1980= 283
|1990= 273
|2000= 269
|2010= 270
|2020= 246
|footnote=US Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name=FF>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=6 January 2013}}</ref> there were 270 people, 96 households, and 67 families in the village. The [[population density]] was 2250/sqmi (869/km{{sup|2}}). There were 100 housing units at an average density of 833/sqmi (322/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the village was 38.5 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name=GR2/> of 2000, there were 269 people, 95 households, and 72 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,168.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|822.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 95 households, out of which 44.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.19.

The village population contained 31.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,333, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $22,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,515. About 14.6% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

