==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 426
|1920= 499
|1930= 341
|1940= 224
|1950= 184
|1960= 182
|1970= 294
|1980= 276
|1990= 169
|2000= 185
|2010= 172
|2020= 169
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 172 people, 88 households, and 40 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1323.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|846.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 88 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.5% were non-families. 45.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 33.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.9% male and 40.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 185 people, 85 households, and 49 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,421.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|745.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 22.4% were of [[Germans|German]], 17.8% [[Finns|Finnish]], 8.6% [[Slovenes|Slovene]], 7.2% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 7.2% [[Scandinavia]]n, 6.6% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 5.9% [[Polish people|Polish]] and 5.3% [[English people|English]] ancestry.

There were 85 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,063, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $14,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,017.  About 1.9% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.4% of those 65 or over.

