==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 424
|1920= 393
|1930= 393
|1940= 360
|1950= 374
|1960= 352
|1970= 441
|1980= 382
|1990= 350
|2000= 375
|2010= 302
|2020= 265
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 375 people, 147 households and 103 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|353.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 147 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.13.

29.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $26,000 and the median family income was $30,875. Males had a median income of $28,125 compared with $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,710. About 20.2% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.7% of those under age 18 and 14.7% of those age 65 or over.

