==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 240
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 251 people, 108 households, and 72 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,049.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|472.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were married couples living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,219, and the median income for a family was $50,268. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,684. About 17.5% of families and 31.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 74.4% of those under the age of 18 and 29.6% of those 65 or over.

