==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 216
|1920= 225
|1930= 176
|1940= 157
|1950= 152
|1960= 140
|1970= 100
|1980= 142
|1990= 113
|2000= 195
|2010= 235
|2020= 306
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Gillsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1332860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-13|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|273
|89.22%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|4
|1.31%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|4
|1.31%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|3
|0.98%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|5
|1.63%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|17
|5.56%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 306 people, 90 households, and 68 families residing in the city.

The Gillsville population by county breakdown was as follows: 207 in Hall County and 28 in Banks County.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.dot.ga.gov:443/DriveSmart/MapsData/Documents/CountyMaps/Banks.pdf|title=General Highway Map Banks County Georgia|publisher=[[Georgia Department of Transportation]]|access-date=2024-09-25}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 195 people, 79 households, and 57 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|171.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.54% of the population.

There were 79 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.6% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $51,500, and the median income for a family was $62,750. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $27,551. None of the families and 3.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 7.5% of those over 64.

