==Demographics==
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the population of Glouster was 1,659 in 2020. Estimates from 2023 indicate a slight decline to approximately 1,629 residents. The median age is 42.1 years, and the median household income is approximately $37,639. About 27.4% of residents live below the poverty line.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Glouster, Ohio Demographics|url=https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/glouster-oh-population|website=World Population Review|access-date=2025-07-10}}</ref>

{{US Census population
|1900= 2155
|1910= 2527
|1920= 3140
|1930= 2903
|1940= 2847
|1950= 2327
|1960= 2255
|1970= 2121
|1980= 2211
|1990= 2001
|2000= 1972
|2010= 1791
|2020= 1659
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1629
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,791 people, 720 households, and 471 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1346.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 864 housing units at an average density of {{convert|649.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 720 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,972 people, 783 households, and 526 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,470.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 906 housing units at an average density of {{convert|675.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.06% of the population.

There were 783 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,929, and the median income for a family was $28,800. Males had a median income of $28,854 versus $22,206 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,837. About 24.2% of families and 28.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.3% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

