==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 378
|1930= 443
|1940= 366
|1950= 447
|1960= 390
|1970= 354
|1980= 352
|1990= 326
|2000= 274
|2010= 221
|2020= 218
|estyear=2022
|estimate=210
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 221 people, 115 households, and 71 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|248.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.8% from two or more races.

There were 115 households, of which 10.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.3% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.42.

The median age in the city was 57.8 years. 11.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.2% were from 45 to 64; and 35.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 274 people, 131 households, and 78 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|306.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 87.2% were of [[germans|German]] ancestry.

There were 131 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 32.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,521, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $32,000 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,231. About 2.5% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.6% of those 65 or over.

