==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1268
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,462 people, 560 households, and 383 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|562.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 597 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 97.71% White, 1.81% African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.07% from other races, and 0.21% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 560 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were married couples living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,459, and the median income for a family was $31,103. Males had a median income of $24,200 versus $20,909 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,100. About 14.1% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.7% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

