==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 214
|1960= 278
|1970= 237
|1980= 207
|1990= 177
|2000= 176
|2010= 170
|2020= 141
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 170 people, 83 households, and 50 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|435.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 83 households, of which 16.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.8% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 52 years. 14.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 31.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 176 people, 83 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|455.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.57% from two or more races.

There were 83 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,500, and the median income for a family was $34,861. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,006. None of the families and 5.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.2% of those over 64.

