==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 114
|1920= 101
|1930= 169
|1940= 151
|1950= 84
|1960= 90
|1970= 46
|1980= 49
|1990= 52
|2000= 31
|2010= 42
|2020= 77
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=March 22, 2014}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=October 4, 2014}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 42 people, 21 households, and 8 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|68.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 61.9% were non-families. 52.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 38.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the town was 41 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 19.1% were from 45 to 64; and 31% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 31 people, 16 households, and 10 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|44.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|267.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 9.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 16 households, out of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 12.9% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 6.5% from 25 to 44, 51.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 158.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 170.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,689. There were 14.3% of families and 15.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

