==Demographics==
===2020 census===
{{US Census population
|2020= 297
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 297 people, 146 households, and 124 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 208.4 inhabitants per square mile (80.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 149 housing units at an average density of 104.5 per square mile (40.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 92.9% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from other races and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.7% of the population.

Of the 146 households, 26.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% were cohabitating couples, 17.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 7.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 15.1% of all households were non-families. 8.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 2.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 49.9 years. 16.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 and 44; 31.3% were from 45 and 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 60.6% male and 39.4% female.

