==Demographics==
{{stack|{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|1860|469
|1870|498
|1880|494
|1890|398
|1900|456
|1910|379
|1920|414
|1930|373
|1940|414
|1950|495
|1960|580
|1970|633
|1980|965
|1990|904
|2000|946
|2010|886
|2020|923
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=American FactFinder|access-date=March 29, 2020|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212063637/http://factfinder.census.gov/|archive-date=February 12, 2020|url-status=dead}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 923 people, 378 households, and 254 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 283.1 inhabitants per square mile (109.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 407 housing units at an average density of 124.8 per square mile (48.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.4% [[White Americans|White]], 1.1% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from other races and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.3% of the population.

Of the 378 households, 27.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% were cohabitating couples, 16.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 16.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 32.8% of all households were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 43.0 years. 25.1% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 and 44; 29.0% were from 45 and 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 886 people, 363 households, and 252 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|346.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 399 housing units at an average density of {{convert|155.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 363 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 44.3 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212221153/http://factfinder.census.gov/main.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=American FactFinder}}</ref> of 2000, there were 946 people, 362 households, and 264 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|370.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 362 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.05.

29.4% are under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,833, and the median income for a family was $53,182. Males had a median income of $38,289 versus $21,923 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,678. About 5.6% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

