==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Centerville, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Centerville%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 13, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 120
| 2010 = 112
| 2020 = 94
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 120 people, 47 households, and 36 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 30.2 people per square mile (11.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 49 housing units at an average density of 12.4/sq&nbsp;mi (4.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.17% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.3% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,915. There were 6.7% of families and 18.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 48.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

