==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 236
|1960= 670
|1970= 964
|1980= 885
|1990= 833
|2000= 775
|2010= 675
|2020= 629
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 675 people, 295 households, and 206 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3214.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 307 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1461.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 295 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 49.6 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 36.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 775 people, 309 households, and 225 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|3,614.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 321 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,496.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.42% of the population. 20.6% were of [[germans|German]], 16.4% [[italians|Italian]], 10.7% [[irish people|Irish]], 8.0% [[slovenes|Slovene]], 5.7% [[english people|English]] and 5.6% [[Polish people|Polish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 309 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 34.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $52,422, and the median income for a family was $57,604. Males had a median income of $40,536 versus $33,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,078. About 0.9% of families and 1.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.7% of those under age 18 and 1.6% of those age 65 or over.

