==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 251
|1890= 252
|1900= 321
|1910= 284
|1920= 318
|1930= 299
|1940= 321
|1950= 302
|1960= 322
|1970= 281
|1980= 262
|1990= 245
|2000= 223
|2010= 179
|2020= 172
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, 179 people, 86 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|168.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The city's racial makeup was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 31.4% of all households comprised individuals, and 15.1% had someone who was 65 or older living alone. The average household size was 2.08, and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 53.1 years. 19.6% of residents were under 18; 6.2% were between 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, 223 people, 100 households, and 71 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|209.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The city's racial makeup was 99.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 23.0% had children under 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 26.0% of all households comprised individuals, and 19.0% had someone who was 65 or older living alone.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.65.

The population was spread out in the city, with 17.0% under 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.7% who were 65 or older.  The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.6 males.  For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 105.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,144.  About 2.9% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under eighteen and 10.3% of those 65 or over.

