==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 987
|1890= 1681
|1900= 1631
|1910= 1559
|1920= 1858
|1930= 1849
|1940= 1925
|1950= 2370
|1960= 2903
|1970= 2807
|1980= 2678
|1990= 2637
|2000= 2841
|2010= 2759
|2020= 2821
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 2,759 people, 1,153 households, and 738 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,780.0 inhabitants per square mile (687.3/km2). There were 1,262 housing units at an average density of 814.2 per square mile (314.4/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 1,153 households, of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. In addition, 32.0% of all households and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39, and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 39.2 years. 26.4% of residents were under 18; 8% were between 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64, and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

