==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 608
|1980= 678
|1990= 568
|2000= 552
|2010= 437
|2020= 363
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 552 people, 212 households, and 149 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,124.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 239 housing units at an average density of {{convert|486.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 68.12% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 31.34% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.18% from two or more races. 0.18% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 212 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were married couples living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was distributed this way in terms of age — 27.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,000, and the median income for a family was $26,500. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $20,750 for females. The per capita income for the town was $8,644. About 23.3% of families and 24.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.0% of those under age 18 and 31.3% of those age 65 or over.

