==Demographics==
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 277 people, 95 households, and 78 families in Fairview.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Fairview%20CDP,%20Wyoming%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name="Census2020_DP1" /> The population density was 101.0 per square mile (39.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 106 housing units at an average density of 38.7 per square mile (14.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name="Census2020_DP1">{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Fairview%20CDP,%20Wyoming%20dp1 |access-date=January 6, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetteer-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023|website=Census.gov |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The racial makeup was 92.06% (255) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American|European American]] (92.06% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 1.81% (5) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native|Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.08% (3) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian|Native Hawaiian]], 1.81% (5) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.25% (9) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Fairview%20CDP,%20Wyoming%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.53% (7) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Fairview%20CDP,%20Wyoming%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 95 households, 42.1% had children under the age of 18; 73.7% were married couples living together; 9.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 14.7% of households consisted of individuals and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020_DP1" /> The average household size was 5.2 and the average family size was 5.2.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Fairview%20CDP,%20Wyoming%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 4.3% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Fairview%20CDP,%20Wyoming%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

30.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 12.6% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males.<ref name="Census2020_DP1" /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 103.2 males.<ref name="Census2020_DP1" />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey|American Community Survey]] estimates show that Approximately, 0.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Fairview%20CDP,%20Wyoming%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=January 6, 2025|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 277 people, 81 households, and 63 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 99.8 people per square mile (38.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 91 housing units at an average density of 32.8/sq&nbsp;mi (12.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.81% of the population.

There were 81 households, out of which 56.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.42 and the average family size was 3.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 41.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 15.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,568, and the median income for a family was $36,477. Males had a median income of $34,750 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,322. About 14.0% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

