==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 227
|1900= 259
|1910= 390
|1920= 391
|1930= 343
|1940= 366
|1950= 324
|1960= 263
|1970= 255
|1980= 237
|1990= 164
|2000= 194
|2010= 192
|2020= 161
|estyear=2022
|estimate=159
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 192 people, 73 households, and 58 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|349.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 73 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.5% were non-families. 15.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 194 people, 74 households, and 54 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|357.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.52% from two or more races.

There were 74 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,563 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,355. None of the families and 2.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.8% of those over 64.

