==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 132
|1970= 374
|1980= 433
|1990= 462
|2000= 466
|2010= 543
|2020= 465
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2000 Census data===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 466 people, 185 households, and 138 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|176.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 94.42% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 4.29% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 1.07% from two or more races.  0.43% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 185 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,679, and the median income for a family was $42,273. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $18,068 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,152.  About 9.2% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

===2020 Census data===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Avon racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0103364&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|409
|87.96%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|27
|5.81%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.65%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.43%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|14
|3.01%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|10
|2.15%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 465 people, 200 households, and 161 families residing in the town.

