==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 148
|1900= 447
|1910= 424
|1920= 380
|1930= 341
|1940= 362
|1950= 322
|1960= 268
|1970= 216
|1980= 236
|1990= 201
|2000= 202
|2010= 212
|2020= 196
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-21}}</ref> of 2010, there were 212 people, 100 households, and 53 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|683.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|371.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 40.8 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 202 people, 94 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|657.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 94 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $34,844. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,891. About 8.2% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those 65 or over.

