==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 251
| 1910 = 393
| 1920 = 382
| 1930 = 269
| 1940 = 262
| 1950 = 207
| 1960 = 253
| 1970 = 279
| 1980 = 307
| 1990 = 325
| 2000 = 386
| 2010 = 418
| 2020 = 401
| footnote = Source:<ref>Moffatt, Riley.  ''Population History of Western U.S. Cities & Towns, 1850-1990''.  [[Lanham, Maryland|Lanham]]: Scarecrow, 1996, 335.</ref><br/>U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 418 people, 164 households, and 126 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|708.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 164 households, of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.2% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 44.2 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.9% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 386 people, 148 households, and 108 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|655.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.78% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.5% were married couples living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 29.0% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $47,500, and the median income for a family was $56,875. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $28,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,506. About 3.5% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

