==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 2000 = 770
| 2010 = 938
| 2020 = 916
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of [[2000 United States census|2000]], there were 770 people, 238 households, and 209 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 205.3 people per square mile ({{#expr: ((1/2.59)*205.3) round 1 }}/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 259 housing units at an average density of 69.1 per square mile ({{#expr: ((1/2.59)*69.1) round 1 }}/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.51% of the population.

There were 238 households, out of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.8% were non-families. 9.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.23, and the average family size was 3.45.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 112.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $60,000, and the median income for a family was $59,773. Males had a median income of $43,542 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,764. About 4.0% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under age 18 and none aged 65 or over.

At the time of Daniel's incorporation, the Utah Population Estimates Committee produced an official estimate of the town's population of 696.<ref name=upec>{{cite web | title = GOPB DEA Sub County Estimates | url = http://www.governor.utah.gov/dea/UPEC/SubCoNote.html | publisher = Governor's Office of Planning and Budget – State of Utah | year = 2006 | access-date = October 14, 2009 | archive-date = March 26, 2016 | archive-url = https://web.archive.org/web/20160326193129/http://governor.utah.gov/DEA/UPEC/SubCoNote.html | url-status = dead }}</ref>

