==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 238
|1920= 231
|1930= 211
|1940= 175
|1950= 138
|1960= 133
|1970= 112
|1980= 59
|1990= 53
|2000= 28
|2010= 36
|2020= 30
|estyear=2022
|estimate=30
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 2, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 36 people, 14 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|97.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 13.9% from two or more races.

There were 14 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 32 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.4% male and 55.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 28 people, 14 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|76.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 14 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,250, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,652. There were 50.0% of families and 17.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 36.4% of those over 64.

