==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 112
|1920= 123
|1930= 131
|1940= 145
|1950= 141
|1960= 153
|1970= 126
|1980= 90
|1990= 83
|2000= 91
|2010= 86
|2020= 70
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 86 people, 35 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|85.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.1% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years. 29.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 91 people, 37 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|90.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.20% of the population.

There were 37 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 35.2% from 25 to 44, 11.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,670. There were no families and 4.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 26.7% of those over 64.

