==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 177
|1980= 169
|1990= 161
|2000= 112
|2010= 134
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=115}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 134 people, 58 households, and 33 families residing in the town.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|194.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 58 households, out of which 13.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.6% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 31.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,028, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $17,500 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,773. There were 11.5% of families and 11.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 25.5% of those over 64.

