==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 423
|1900= 649
|1910= 583
|1920= 576
|1930= 704
|1940= 757
|1950= 839
|1960= 698
|1970= 664
|1980= 633
|1990= 614
|2000= 673
|2010= 645
|2020= 685
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 645 people, 285 households, and 177 families in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|212.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 335 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 285 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 43.6 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]], there were 673 people, 294 households, and 171 families in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|220.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 341 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.7|/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 294 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.99.

The town population contained 24.4% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,870, and the median income for a family was $27,708. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $18,971 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,065. About 24.0% of families and 33.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 54.9% of those under age 18 and 25.2% of those age 65 or over.

