==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 244
|1900= 438
|1910= 375
|1920= 399
|1930= 323
|1940= 249
|1950= 355
|1960= 294
|1970= 434
|1980= 588
|1990= 597
|2000= 707
|2010= 772
|2020= 733
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 772 people, 293 households, and 213 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|977.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 344 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 293 households, of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 33.6 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 707 people, 303 households, and 196 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|889.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|407.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.53% of the population.

There were 303 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,438, and the median income for a family was $28,906. Males had a median income of $24,643 versus $17,981 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,600. About 11.8% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 26.1% of those age 65 or over.

