==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 192
|1920= 317
|1930= 287
|1940= 219
|1950= 215
|1960= 201
|1970= 204
|1980= 190
|1990= 169
|2000= 206
|2010= 191
|2020= 128
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=October 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141003185009/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022|archive-date=February 13, 2023|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230213094442/https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 191 people, 73 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|175.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 17.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 73 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 40.1 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 206 people, 84 households, and 54 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|189.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.37% from two or more races.

There were 84 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $22,361 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,141. About 4.1% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 24.0% of those 65 or over.

