==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 101
|1940= 160
|1950= 68
|1960= 44
|1970= 19
|1980= 9
|1990= 4
|2000= 3
|2010= 3
|2020= 2
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 20, 2014 }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3 people, 1 household, and 1 family residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|4.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There was 1 household of which 100.0% was married couples living together. 0.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 53.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 33.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 66.7% were from 45 to 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 33.3% female and 66.7% male.

===2000 census===
As of the census of 2000, there were 3 people, 1 household, and 1 family residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|4.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 2 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]].

There was 1 household, a married couple living together. The household size was 3 and the family size was 3.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.3% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64 years. There were 2 men and 1 woman.

