==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 156
|1920= 133
|1930= 174
|1940= 160
|1950= 141
|1960= 139
|1970= 123
|1980= 114
|1990= 96
|2000= 89
|2010= 73
|2020= 70
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 73 people, 36 households, and 22 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|347.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.5% of the population.

There were 36 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the village was 51.8 years. 13.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11% were from 25 to 44; 46.5% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 57.5% male and 42.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 89 people, 45 households, and 27 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|407.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 17.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.48.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 12.4% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 33.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $26,042, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,822. There were no families and 5.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.0% of those over 64.

