==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 911
|1930= 755
|1940= 773
|1950= 575
|1960= 582
|1970= 479
|1980= 404
|1990= 376
|2000= 339
|2010= 347
|2020= 316
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 347 people, 151 households, and 102 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|211.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 151 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 46.7 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.4% male and 55.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 339 people, 146 households, and 102 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|205.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population. 22.0% were of [[Italian people|Italian]], 20.1% [[Polish people|Polish]], 13.9% [[finnish people|Finnish]], 10.6% [[French people|French]] and 8.1% [[United States|American]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]]. 97.3% spoke [[English language|English]] and 2.7% [[Polish language|Polish]] as their first language.

There were 146 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $35,521. Males had a median income of $24,750 versus $29,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,797.  About 21.2% of families and 22.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.5% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

