==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 411
|1920= 364
|1930= 331
|1940= 342
|1950= 445
|1960= 418
|1970= 368
|1980= 422
|1990= 393
|2000= 381
|2010= 355
|2020= 405
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 355 people, 154 households, and 89 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|369.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 154 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 41.2 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 21.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 381 people, 159 households, and 104 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|402.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 95.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 159 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,333, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,166.  About 15.1% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.8% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.

