==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 470
|1860= 323
|1870= 435
|1880= 347
|1890= 236
|1900= 193
|1910= 194
|1920= 155
|1930= 157
|1940= 123
|1950= 139
|1960= 128
|1970= 199
|1980= 147
|1990= 204
|2000= 170
|2010= 126
|2020= 196
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 170 people, 72 households, and 43 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,467.9 people per square mile (547.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 90 housing units at an average density of 777.1 per square mile (289.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 59.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 38.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,429, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $23,571 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,878. None of the families and 7.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.4% of those over 64.

