==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 177
|1940= 154
|1950= 132
|1960= 98
|1970= 82
|1980= 72
|1990= 38
|2000= 87
|2010= 77
|2020= 62
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 77 people, 37 households, and 25 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|481.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.7% of the population.

There were 37 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the village was 49.2 years. 16.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 33.8% were from 45 to 64; and 26% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 87 people, 34 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|551.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.30% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,333, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $11,667 versus $10,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,107. There were 22.2% of families and 13.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

