==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1920= 800 
|1930= 362
|1940= 289
|1950= 282
|1960= 207
|1970= 204
|1980= 178
|1990= 168
|2000= 177
|2010= 143
|2020= 117
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref><ref name="WPA"/>}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 143 people, 72 households, and 37 families residing in the village. The racial makeup of the village was 88.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (65.7% non-Hispanic white), 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 30.8% of the population.<ref>2010 census general profile of population and housing characteristics of Des Moines</ref>

As of the 2000 census There were 72 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,321, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $21,042 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,255. About 25.6% of families and 31.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 49.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.9% of those 65 or over.{{clear left}}

