==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1890= 117
|1910= 82
|1920= 115
|1930= 141
|1940= 198
|1950= 161
|1960= 93
|1970= 83
|1980= 56
|1990= 29
|2000= 32
|2010= 24
|2020= 26
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> there were 24 people, 13 households, and 8 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|34.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|38.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White American|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]s and [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]s of any race were 0.0% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 13 households, of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were married couples living together, 0.0% had a male householder with no wife present, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85, and the average family size was 2.38.<ref name="GR2" />

In the city, the population was spread out, with 12.5% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 37.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 140.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the city was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,370. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].<ref name="GR2" />

