==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 1638
|1880= 1255
|1890= 1328
|1900= 1237
|1910= 1324
|1920= 1063
|1930= 970
|1940= 955
|1950= 998
|1960= 860
|1970= 939
|1980= 844
|1990= 791
|2000= 792
|2010= 688
|2020= 626
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 792 people, 314 households, and 221 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|707.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 366 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.8|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.38% from two or more races.

There were 314 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.00.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 10000.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,058, and the median income for a family was $39,107. Males had a median income of $27,292 versus $18,409 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,272. About 7.4% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

