==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 69
| 2000 = 75
| 2010 = 61
| 2020 = 90
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 95
| estref = <ref name="Vintage 2025 Total Population Estimates for Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions; Housing Unit Estimates for the Nation, States and Counties">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-kits/2026/vintage-2025-city-town-pop-estimates.html|title=Vintage 2025 Total Population Estimates for Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions; Housing Unit Estimates for the Nation, States and Counties|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 14, 2026}}</ref>
{{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 75 people, 27 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|87.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|32.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]]. 2.67% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 27 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $37,708. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $14,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,868. There were 9.5% of families and 14.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 8.3% of those over 64.

