==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 100
|1960= 87
|1970= 59
|1980= 52
|1990= 61
|2000= 57
|2010= 34
|2020= 31
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 34 people, 19 households, and 10 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|340.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, of which 5.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.4% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the city was 53.6 years. 2.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 61.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 57 people, 24 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|601.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.75% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 14.0% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $18,125. Males had a median income of $17,500 versus $4,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $7,469. There were 33.3% of families and 16.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

