==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 168
|1930= 192
|1940= 135
|1950= 90
|1960= 78
|1970= 78
|1980= 70
|1990= 64
|2000= 71
|2010= 62
|2020= 44
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 62 people, 28 households, and 20 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|213.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 28 households, of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the village was 50.8 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.4% were from 25 to 44; 51.7% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 71 people, 26 households, and 19 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|235.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $50,313, and the median income for a family was $48,438. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,164. There were 10.5% of families and 22.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 42.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

