==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 485
| 1920 = 374
| 1930 = 333
| 1940 = 324
| 1950 = 249
| 1960 = 270
| 1970 = 254
| 1980 = 325
| 1990 = 422
| 2000 = 448
| 2010 = 455
| 2020 = 546
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2"/> there were 448 people, 139 households, and 119 families in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,014.3 people per square mile (393.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 142 housing units at an average density of 321.5 per square mile (124.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.23% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 50.4% had children under 18 living with them, 79.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.7% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 3.22, and the average family size was 3.48.

The town population contained 36.4% under 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,000, and the median income for a family was $46,563. Males had a median income of $37,885 versus $22,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,222. None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

