==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 609
|1920= 784
|1930= 580
|1940= 606
|1950= 495
|1960= 458
|1970= 401
|1980= 443
|1990= 384
|2000= 305
|2010= 325
|2020= 282
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 325 people, 118 households, and 88 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|984.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 118 households, of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.4% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 32.8 years. 31.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 20.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 305 people, 125 households, and 88 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|914.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|434.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 3.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 125 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $39,500. Males had a median income of $30,357 versus $16,635 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,272. About 11.1% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.3% of those 65 or over.

