==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 958
|1900= 1092
|1910= 957
|1920= 823
|1930= 816
|1940= 836
|1950= 848
|1960= 810
|1970= 747
|1980= 865
|1990= 894
|2000= 789
|2010= 801
|2020= 712
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 801 people, 323 households, and 225 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1195.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 358 housing units at an average density of {{convert|534.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 323 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 37.5 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 789 people, 314 households, and 227 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,179.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 327 housing units at an average density of {{convert|488.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 314 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,219, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $20,982 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,061. About 20.4% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.5% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

