==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 164
|2020= 115
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Rutherford first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Rutherford had a population of 115. The population density was {{convert|68.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Rutherford was 57 (49.6%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (2.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 28 (24.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 27 (23.5%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 57 persons (49.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Rutherford CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0663400 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 56 households, out of which 7 (12.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 16 (28.6%) were married-couple households, 9 (16.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 23 (41.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 8 (14.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 20 households (35.7%) were one person, and 13 (23.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.05.<ref name=DP1/> There were 24 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (42.9% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Rutherford CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0663400 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 14 people (12.2%) under the age of 18, 7 people (6.1%) aged 18 to 24, 28 people (24.3%) aged 25 to 44, 34 people (29.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 32 people (27.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 52.5{{nbsp}}years. There were 58 males and 57 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 56 (68.3%) were occupied. Of these, 28 (50.0%) were owner-occupied, and 28 (50.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

