==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 918
|1890= 976
|1900= 1151
|1910= 2873
|1920= 3150
|1930= 3573
|1940= 4497
|1950= 4836
|1960= 5171
|1970= 5627
|1980= 5654
|1990= 5505
|2000= 5524
|2010= 5851
|2020= 5040
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Cheraw racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4513600&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-10|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,962
|38.93%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|2,641
|52.4%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|15
|0.3%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|76
|1.51%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|2
|0.04%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|219
|4.35%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|125
|2.48%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 5,040 people, 2,358 households, and 1,499 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,524 people, 2,290 households, and 1,470 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,197.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,568 housing units at an average density of {{convert|556.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 52.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 45.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.<ref>{{cite web|title=2000 Census Fact Finder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=86000US29520&_geoContext=01000US%7C86000US29520&_street=&_county=cheraw&_cityTown=cheraw&_state=04000US45&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=860&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=DEC_2000_SAFF&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null%3Anull&_keyword=&_industry=|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200216041450/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=86000US29520&_geoContext=01000US%7C86000US29520&_street=&_county=cheraw&_cityTown=cheraw&_state=04000US45&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=860&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=DEC_2000_SAFF&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-16|publisher=US Census}}</ref>

There were 2,290 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were married couples living together, 25.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,897, and the median income for a family was $31,136. Males had a median income of $27,405 versus $22,003 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,801. About 27.3% of families and 32.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.1% of those under age 18 and 21.9% of those age 65 or over.

Cheraw was the center of an urban cluster with a total population of 9,069 according to the 2000 census.  In 2015, Cheraw and the surrounding areas of Chesterfield County had a population of 14,944 with a median income of $41,170 according to the U.S. Bureau of Census, American Community Survey's 5-year estimate and the Bureau of Statistics in Columbia, SC.

