==Demographics==

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 273 people, 103 households, and 74 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 221.2 people per square mile (85.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 107 housing units at an average density of 86.7/sq&nbsp;mi (33.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.20% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 44.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 33.0% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,772. About 5.6% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.2% of those 65 or over.

