==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 294
| 1930 = 421
| 1940 = 437
| 1950 = 546
| 1960 = 513
| 1970 = 499
| 1980 = 581
| 1990 = 626
| 2000 = 605
| 2010 = 544
| 2020 = 517
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 544 people, 232 households, and 133 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|538.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 232 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.7% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 43.2 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 605 people, 252 households, and 147 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 595.1 people per square mile (229.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 269 housing units at an average density of 264.6 per square mile (101.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,023, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $28,182 versus $20,903 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,230. About 10.5% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

