==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 344
|1930= 277
|1940= 176
|1950= 182
|1960= 59
|1970= 40
|1980= 31
|1990= 19
|2000= 26
|2010= 19
|2020= 17
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 14, 2013}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US3038950 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 31, 2022}}</ref> there were 17 people living in 12 households. The median household income was $56,539.{{Citation needed|date=December 2023}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 19 people, 9 households, and 5 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|45.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 9 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 44.4% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 46.5 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 42.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.9% male and 42.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 26 people, 7 households, and 7 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|62.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 8 housing units at an average density of {{convert|19.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.85% of the population.

There were 7 households, of which 71.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 0.0% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.71 and the average family size was 3.71.

Age distribution was 42.3% under the age of 18, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 3.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,083, and the median family income was $32,083. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,852. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

