==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 86
|1950= 81
|1960= 107
|1970= 112
|1980= 132
|1990= 182
|2000= 202
|2010= 166
|2020= 205
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Venetie first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. In 1980 it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 202 people, 63 households, and 48 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|9.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.47% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 92.08% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 4.46% from two or more races. Most residents are Gwichʼin Athabaskan.

There were 63 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.0% were married couples living together, 30.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.21 and the average family size was 3.58.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 32.2% under the age of 18, 17.8% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 15.3% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,000, and the median income for a family was $21,429. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,314. About 34.0% of families and 42.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.8% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty-five or over.

