==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 300
|1910= 335
|1920= 359
|1930= 365
|1940= 377
|1950= 357
|1960= 477
|1970= 587
|1980= 592
|1990= 643
|2000= 837
|2010= 1017
|2020= 1247
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1280
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 25, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

According to the most recent [[American Community Survey]], the racial composition of Madison Lake was:

* White: 94.57%
* Two or more races: 2.77%
* Black or African American: 2.25%
* Asian: 0.41%
* Native American: 0.00%
* Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander: 0.00%
* Other race: 0.00%

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,017 people, 394 households, and 271 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|987.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 430 housing units at an average density of {{convert|417.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 394 households, of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.2% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 33.3 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 8.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 837 people, 319 households, and 223 families living in the city. A 2007 estimate shows the population has grown to 990. The population density was {{convert|1,794.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 370 housing units at an average density of {{convert|793.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.27% of the population.

There were 319 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 34.5% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $84,659, and the median income for a family was $97,673. Males had a median income of $65,000 versus $44,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $38,312. About 2.6% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

