==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 1261
|1870= 1453
|1880= 1431
|1890= 1315
|1900= 1326
|1910= 1473
|1920= 1937
|1930= 2797
|1940= 2877
|1950= 3514
|1960= 3948
|1970= 5116
|1980= 5227
|1990= 5384
|2000= 5383
|2010= 5654
|2020= 5713
|estyear= 2021
|estimate= 5741
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=December 2024|reason=No mention of Selinsgrove at this URL}}
}}
Selinsgrove is the principal city in the [[Selinsgrove, PA Micropolitan Statistical Area]]'','' and is also part of the larger [[Bloomsburg-Berwick-Sunbury, PA Combined Statistical Area]].

As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 5,654 people, 1,812 households, and 930 families residing in the borough.<ref name="U.S. Census Bureau">{{cite web |title=Community Facts: Selinsgrove borough, Pennsylvania |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 January 2020 }}</ref> The population density was {{convert|2,976|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,934 housing units, of which 122 were vacant. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 91.7% White, 3.4% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 1.2% Asian, 1.8% from "some other race," and 1.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.0% of the population. A majority of the Hispanic or Latino population was [[Mexicans|Mexican]].

The presence of Susquehanna University strongly impacts the borough's demographics: 31.1% of the population lives in group quarters - largely dormitories - rather than in households. The student population is also visible in the disproportionate share of 18- to 24-year-olds.

Of the 1,812 households, 930 were families, 449 of which included related children under age 18. Among the families, 632 were husband-wife families, of which 231 had children at home. Only 92 households included 5 or more people.

Among the 882 non-family households, 404 were women living alone and 255 were men living alone. There were 1,760 people living in group quarters, of whom 153 were institutionalized. Among the non-institutionalized 1,607 living in group quarters - i.e. university students - 54% were female.

The borough's median age was 22.9 years. Due to the college, 39% of residents were age 18-24. Another 14% were under 18, 17% were 25-44, 16% were 45-64, and 14% were 65 and older.

Women make up the borough's majority, 53.6% of the population, implying that there are 86 men for every 100 women in Selinsgrove. Among those age 65 and older, 65% are women. The share of women is 52 or 53% for ages 18–24, 25-44, and 45-64. Among children, girls are 49% of the population.

According to the 2013-2017 American Community Survey, median income for a household in the borough was $47,500, and the median income for a family was $54,190. The [[unemployment|unemployment rate]] for residents age 25-64 was 1.8% and the labor force participation rate was 84.1%. About 11% of families and 10% of the population (excluding students) were below the [[poverty line]]. However, income and poverty statistics for a community this small are reported with large margins of error and do not cover the student population.<ref name="U.S. Census Bureau"/>

