==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 133
|1880= 159
|1890= 223
|1900= 213
|1910= 156
|1920= 119
|1930= 136
|1940= 156
|1950= 196
|1960= 301
|1970= 337
|1980= 375
|1990= 326
|2000= 290
|2010= 273
|2020= 245
|estyear=2021
|estimate=248
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 273 people, 119 households, and 76 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|113.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.8|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 119 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 16.1% under the age of 18, 60.1% from 18 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.3 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $48,235, and the median income for a family was $85,156. Males had a median income of $40,833 versus $25,909 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $26,027. About 9.4% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.5% of those 65 or over.

