==Demographics==
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 968 people, 219 households, and 204 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 302.0 people per square mile (116.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 221 housing units at an average density of 69.0/sq&nbsp;mi (26.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 55.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 20.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 22.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 76.14% of the population.

There were 219 households, out of which 68.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.7% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 6.4% were non-families. 4.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.42 and the average family size was 4.41.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 43.6% under the age of 18, 13.9% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 10.4% from 45 to 64, and 2.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,444, and the median income for a family was $31,071. Males had a median income of $23,438 versus $21,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,461. About 22.9% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

