==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 103
|1940= 128
|1950= 127
|1960= 113
|1970= 104
|1980= 87
|1990= 60
|2000= 67
|2010= 57
|2020= 58
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 57 people, 31 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|228.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 31 households, of which 9.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.4% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 2.31.

The median age in the city was 59.5 years. 5.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 31.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.9% male and 56.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 67 people, 33 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|268.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.48% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.35.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 13.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 14.9% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 35.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $32,188 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,461. There were no families and 13.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.

