==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 199
|1900= 392
|1910= 600
|1920= 699
|1930= 777
|1940= 719
|1950= 725
|1960= 716
|1970= 692
|1980= 620
|1990= 417
|2000= 404
|2010= 388
|2020= 324
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref=
|footnote=Source: U.S. Census Bureau
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 324 people residing in the town. There were 170 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 87.3% [[Non-Hispanic whites|White]], 5.2% [[African Americans|African American or Black]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 6.8% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010, there were 388 people residing in the town. There were 183 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 94.8% White, 3.9% Black or African American, 0.0% Native American, 0.0% Asian, 0.3% Pacific Islander, 0.0% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. 1.0% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 404 people, 185 households, and 121 families living in the town. The population density was 1,170.6 people per square mile (445.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 570.8 per square mile (217.3/km<sup>2</sup>).  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 94.55% White, 5.20% African American, and 0.25% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2" />
Of the 185 households 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 31.9% of households were one person and 17.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.73.

The age distribution was 16.6% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.8% 65 or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median household income was $26,094 and the median family income was $34,464. Males had a median income of $27,222 versus $17,500 for females. The per capita income for the town was $16,703. About 7.4% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

