==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 447
|1920= 651
|1930= 753
|1940= 862
|1950= 856
|1960= 867
|1970= 840
|1980= 1238
|1990= 1032
|2000= 1129
|2010= 1286
|2020= 1313
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,286 people, 473 households, and 339 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1236.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 534 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 473 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.3% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the village was 39.9 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,129 people, 442 households, and 307 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,202.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 465 housing units at an average density of {{convert|495.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.05% of the population.

There were 442 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median age in the village was 39.9 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $39,583, and the median income for a family was $47,132. Males had a median income of $34,107 versus $20,729 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,848. About 6.9% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

