==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 135
|1910= 671
|1920= 728
|1930= 653
|1940= 635
|1950= 540
|1960= 671
|1970= 606
|1980= 596
|1990= 536
|2000= 541
|2010= 455
|2020= 408
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 23, 2013}}</ref><br/>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 455 people, 221 households, and 128 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|875.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 267 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 221 households, of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.1% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 51.1 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 541 people, 230 households, and 143 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,031.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|518.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 230 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,636, and the median income for a family was $35,156. Males had a median income of $25,893 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,466. About 11.3% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

