==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1930= 324
|1940= 317
|1950= 382
|1960= 393
|1970= 293
|1980= 258
|1990= 194
|2000= 228
|2010= 162
|2020= 193
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 162 people, 74 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|623.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|411.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 74 households, of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.9% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 44.7 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 228 people, 84 households, and 56 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|900.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|406.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $35,500. Males had a median income of $24,821 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,596. About 14.5% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.3% of those 65 or over.

