==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 306
|1920= 210
|1930= 239
|1940= 236
|1950= 208
|1960= 209
|1970= 186
|1980= 212
|1990= 148
|2000= 177
|2010= 144
|2020= 158
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 144 people, 64 households, and 41 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|138.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 64 households, of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the village was 44.9 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 75 households, and 48 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|171.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.95% from two or more races.

There were 75 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $36,000. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,329. About 5.6% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.4% of those 65 or over.

