==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 513
|1890= 963
|1900= 786
|1910= 712
|1920= 742
|1930= 700
|1940= 681
|1950= 581
|1960= 509
|1970= 506
|1980= 521
|1990= 431
|2000= 383
|2010= 331
|2020= 282
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 16, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|access-date=October 16, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=2013-10-19|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 331 people, 147 households, and 97 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|429.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 147 households, of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 49.3 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 383 people, 166 households, and 111 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|485.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.26% of the population.

There were 166 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $36,563. Males had a median income of $28,000 versus $17,614 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,269. About 17.1% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.5% of those under age 18 and 3.5% of those age 65 or over.

