==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 471
|1910= 476
|1920= 479
|1930= 519
|1940= 513
|1950= 564
|1960= 494
|1970= 437
|1980= 580
|1990= 595
|2000= 768
|2010= 711
|2020= 628
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name="2020-census-5584725">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Wauzeka village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5584725&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 27, 2022}}</ref> the population was 628. The [[population density]] was {{convert|130.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 305 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.4% White, 0.6% Asian, 0.5% Native American, 0.2% Black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 4.0% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 0.5% Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 711 people, 273 households, and 184 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|147.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% White, 1.0% African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 1.1% from other races, and 1.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 273 households, of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married]] couples living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.6% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 33 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 768 people, 271 households, and 188 families living in the village. The population density was 155.1 people per square mile (59.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 298 housing units at an average density of 60.2 per square mile (23.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.18% White, 1.43% Asian, 0.13% from other races, and 0.26% from two or more races. 0.65% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 271 households, out of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.5% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,556, and the median income for a family was $46,000. Males had a median income of $29,737 versus $19,815 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,115. About 8.9% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

