==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 238
|1900= 606
|1910= 909
|1920= 699
|1930= 535
|1940= 474
|1950= 470
|1960= 390
|1970= 364
|1980= 406
|1990= 281
|2000= 303
|2010= 258
|2020= 272
|estyear=2022
|estimate=278
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 258 people, 131 households, and 75 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|416.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 131 households, of which 14.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.7% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 52 years. 15.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 32.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 303 people, 131 households, and 75 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|491.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 155 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 131 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.0% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,042, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $29,625 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,724. None of the families and 2.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

