==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 146
|1920= 376
|1930= 384
|1940= 221
|1950= 181
|1960= 157
|1970= 173
|1980= 181
|1990= 205
|2000= 259
|2010= 288
|2020= 274
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 259 people, 73 households, and 61 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|53.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|15.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.32% of the population.

There were 73 households, out of which 52.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.1% were non-families. 9.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 3.55, and the average family size was 3.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 39.0% under 18, 13.1% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,417, and the median income for a family was $42,292. Males had a median income of $33,571 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,287. About 7.0% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

