==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 690
|1880= 782
|1890= 967
|1900= 1043
|1910= 1072
|1920= 987
|1930= 989
|1940= 1082
|1950= 1246
|1960= 1566
|1970= 2126
|1980= 1813
|1990= 1896
|2000= 2117
|2010= 2012
|2020= 1881
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1866
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,012 people, 791 households, and 554 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1075.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 865 housing units at an average density of {{convert|462.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 791 households, of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.0% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 41.3 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,117 people, 812 households, and 568 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,137.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 862 housing units at an average density of {{convert|463.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 812 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $45,865. Males had a median income of $32,456 versus $23,646 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,690. About 6.3% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.4% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

