==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1850|705
|1870|869
|1880|883
|1890|831
|1900|1117
|1910|1009
|1920|851
|1930|855
|1940|1040
|1950|1101
|1960|1023
|1970|1018
|1980|1003
|1990|1020
|2000|1066
|2010|1006
|2020|936
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 936 people, 429 households, and 236 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 641.6 inhabitants per square mile (247.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 483 housing units at an average density of 331.1 per square mile (127.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.2% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from other races and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.2% of the population.

Of the 429 households, 19.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% were cohabitating couples, 31.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 19.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 45.0% of all households were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 24.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 54.3 years. 19.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 and 44; 26.1% were from 45 and 64; and 34.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,006 people, 459 households, and 251 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|693.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 515 housing units at an average density of {{convert|355.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 459 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 41.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 50.9 years. 17.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 28.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,066 people, 467 households, and 270 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|728.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 505 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.09% of the population.

There were 467 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.0% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.77.

Age spread: 19.9% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 31.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,833, and the median income for a family was $37,063. Males had a median income of $25,489 versus $19,904 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,097. About 7.7% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.

