==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990=1584
| 2000=2225
| 2010=2541
| 2020=2758
| footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790&ndash;2000)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |accessdate=2010-07-30}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,225 people, 695 households, and 597 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 391.7 people per square mile (151.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 733 housing units at an average density of 129.0/sq&nbsp;mi (49.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.38% of the population. 21.3% were of German, 12.2% American, 7.7% Italian, 7.5% English, 6.0% Irish and 5.8% Finnish ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 695 households, out of which 43.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.7% were married couples living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.0% were non-families. 10.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 29.6% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $67,230, and the median income for a family was $72,574. Males had a median income of $50,234 versus $27,331 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,765. About 6.7% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

