==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 216
|1900= 228
|1910= 477
|1920= 489
|1930= 653
|1940= 615
|1950= 863
|1960= 1049
|1970= 1112
|1980= 1098
|1990= 981
|2000= 840
|2010= 718
|2020= 637
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Heidelberg racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2831420&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|76
|11.93%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|544
|85.4%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|14
|2.2%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|3
|0.47%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 637 people, 269 households, and 220 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 840 people, 320 households, and 224 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|164.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 359 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 26.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 320 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,063, and the median income for a family was $27,768. Males had a median income of $25,982 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,555. About 23.0% of families and 25.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.9% of those under age 18 and 25.5% of those age 65 or over.

