==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 831
|1910= 2127
|1920= 2538
|1930= 3105
|1940= 3002
|1950= 3144
|1960= 3264
|1970= 3186
|1980= 2898
|1990= 2456
|2000= 2398
|2010= 2155
|2020= 2219
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name= "GR2"/><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name= "GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,398 people, 1,097 households, and 645 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|6,001.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,970.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.
There were 1,097 households, of which 24.2% had children under 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone who was 65 years of age or older living alone. The average household size was 2.19, and the average family size was 2.85.

The borough's population was spread out, with 21.1% under 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $35,750, and the median income for a family was $43,929. Males had a median income of $31,219 versus $24,613 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,281. About 5.8% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those aged 65 or over.

