==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 78
|1870= 118
|1880= 206
|1920= 211
|1930= 216
|1940= 203
|1950= 251
|1960= 259
|1970= 241
|1980= 309
|1990= 397
|2000= 434
|2010= 639
|2020= 1054
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
St. George is part of the [[Manhattan, Kansas]] [[Manhattan metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 639 people, 228 households, and 161 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|939.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 255 housing units at an average density of {{convert|375.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.8% of the population.

There were 228 households, of which 46.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.39.

The median age in the city was 30.2 years. 33.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 34.1% were from 25 to 44; 18% were from 45 to 64; and 7.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 434 people, 173 households, and 106 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|987.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.47%  [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.92% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,306, and the median income for a family was $34,250. Males had a median income of $22,159 versus $21,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,544. About 14.4% of families and 23.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.3% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

