==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 85
|1950= 64
|1960= 64
|1970= 55
|1980= 47
|1990= 47
|2000= 40
|2010= 25
|2020= 26
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 26 people, 13 households, and 7 families in Radium.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Radium%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 634.1 per square mile (244.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 16 housing units at an average density of 390.2 per square mile (150.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Radium%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 76.92% (20) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (76.92% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 7.69% (2) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 15.38% (4) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Radium%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Radium%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 13 households, 15.4% had children under the age of 18; 38.5% were married couples living together; 30.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 30.8% of households consisted of individuals and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.8 and the average family size was 3.0.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Radium%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

23.1% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 34.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 81.8 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 25 people, 15 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|625.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.0% from two or more races.

There were 15 households, of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 53.3% were non-families. 53.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.67 and the average family size was 2.29.

The median age in the city was 53.2 years. 12% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 56% were from 45 to 64; and 8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.0% male and 44.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 40 people, 17 households, and 9 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|965.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|458.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 5.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.00% of the population.

There were 17 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 5.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 141.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,608. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

