==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 200
| 1920 = 345
| 1930 = 259
| 1940 = 252
| 1950 = 227
| 1960 = 275
| 1970 = 349
| 1980 = 414
| 1990 = 407
| 2000 = 419
| 2010 = 394
| 2020 = 357
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 394 people, 132 households, and 108 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1313.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|473.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.2% of the population.

There were 132 households, of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.2% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the city was 33 years. 29.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 20.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 419 people, 121 households, and 106 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,457.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|462.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 84.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.80% of the population.

There were 121 households, out of which 47.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.6% were non-families. 11.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.46 and the average family size was 3.68.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 37.5% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,719, and the median income for a family was $38,542. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,185.  About 7.1% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

