==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2020= 151
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
|2010=193}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1758577 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> 151 people, 104 households, and 57 families reside in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|587.55|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|287.94|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.65% of the population.

There were 104 households, of which 14.4% had children under 18 living with them, 51.92% were married couples living together, 0.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.19% were non-families. 23.08% of all households comprised individuals, and 16.35% had someone 65 years or older living alone. The average household size was 2.05, and the average family size was 2.26.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 21.3% under 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 41.3% who were 65 years or older. The median age was 48.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $76,250, and the median income for a family was $118,164. Males had a median income of $48,750 versus $31,136 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $33,539. The number of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

