==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 198
|1900= 481
|1910= 473
|1920= 392
|1930= 412
|1940= 401
|1950= 497
|1960= 585
|1970= 546
|1980= 655
|1990= 613
|2000= 664
|2010= 1063
|2020= 1304
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Terry racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2872680&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-16|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|951
|72.93% 
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|317
|24.31%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.15%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|4
|0.31%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|14
|1.07%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|16
|1.23%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,304 people, 449 households, and 348 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,063 people, 407 households, and 289 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|287.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 288 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 59.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]],38.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 407 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34.6 years. For every 100 females there were 79.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,192, and the median income for a family was $35,875. Males had a median income of $25,781 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,011. About 17.0% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.6% of those under age 18 and 18.5% of those age 65 or over.

