==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 160
|1920= 135
|1930= 144
|1940= 135
|1950= 180
|1960= 144
|1970= 137
|1980= 124
|1990= 107
|2000= 98
|2010= 141
|2020= 118
|estyear=2021
|estimate=116
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=July 31, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 31, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 141 people, 38 households and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|256.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 74.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 14.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 3.5% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.9% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age was 40.3 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 20.7% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 63.1% male and 36.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 98 people, 38 households and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|175.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 82.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 8.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.02% of the population. 68.2% were of [[Finns|Finnish]], 12.1% [[Danish people|Danish]] and 10.6% [[Swedish people|Swedish]] ancestry.

There were 38 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.93.

29.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 12.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,917 and the median family income was $40,625. Males had a median income of $40,625 compared with $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $14,009. There were no families and 5.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 23.5% of those over 64.

{{coord|46|52|04|N|92|36|14|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

