==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 111
|1900= 207
|1910= 196
|1920= 107
|1930= 104
|1940= 112
|1950= 89
|1960= 96
|1970= 94
|1980= 92
|1990= 37
|2000= 90
|2010= 84
|2020= 36
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1735671 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 36 people, 24 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|734.69|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|387.76|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.78% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.56% from two or more races. No residents identified as [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]].

There were 24 households, out of which 54.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.17% were married couples living together, 45.83% had a female householder with no husband present, and none were non-families. No households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.38.

The village's age distribution consisted of 15.8% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 14.1% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

Males had a median income of $18,438 versus $27,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,505. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

