==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 312
|1910= 295
|1920= 181
|1930= 281
|1940= 159
|1950= 153
|1960= 124
|1970= 119
|1980= 89
|1990= 51
|2000= 51
|2010= 52
|2020= 33
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 52 people, 21 households, and 13 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|400.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 14.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 52.3 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.4% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 51 people, 23 households, and 14 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|385.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 23 households, out of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town the population was spread out, with 13.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 35.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $11,797, and the median income for a family was $11,797. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,569. There were 69.6% of families and 72.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

