==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 61
|1900= 139
|1910= 132
|1920= 198
|1930= 187
|1940= 188
|1950= 174
|1960= 140
|1970= 130
|1980= 118
|1990= 108
|2000= 112
|2010= 96
|2020= 47
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 112 people, 39 households, and 26 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|453.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 68.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.82% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.37.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 37.5% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $14,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,997. There were 5.0% of families and 19.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of under eighteens and 35.7% of those over 64.{{clear left}}

