==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 768
|1890= 1076
|1900= 849
|1910= 1102
|1920= 991
|1930= 865
|1940= 704
|1950= 774
|1960= 1261
|1970= 1230
|1980= 1217
|1990= 976
|2000= 998
|2010= 1013
|2020= 951
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,013 people, 372 households, and 248 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1558.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 453 housing units at an average density of {{convert|696.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 78.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 15.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 23.7% of the population.

There were 372 households, of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the city was 36.9 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 998 people, 385 households, and 259 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,558.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 450 housing units at an average density of {{convert|702.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.32% of the population.

There were 385 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,350, and the median income for a family was $32,031. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $17,159 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,077. About 12.5% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

