==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2010= 101
|2020= 152
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 101 people, 54 households, and 32 families residing in the CDP. There were 159 housing units, of which 105, or 66.0%, were vacant seasonal or vacation properties. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.0% [[White Americans|white]], 1.0% [[Native Americans of the United States|Native American]], and 1.0% [[race and ethnicity in the United States Census|"some other race"]]. 2.0% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3306020| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Blodgett Landing CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=October 17, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213133335/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3306020| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 54 households in the CDP, 7.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87, and the average family size was 2.38.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

6.9% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 7.1% were from age 18 to 24, 11.0% were from 25 to 44, 47.5% were from 45 to 64, and 27.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57.3 years. For every 50 females there were 57.4 males. For every 50 females age 18 and over, there were 56.8 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

