==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 98
|1910= 345
|1920= 536
|1930= 797
|1940= 732
|1950= 818
|1960= 892
|1970= 912
|1980= 877
|1990= 892
|2000= 1002
|2010= 1019
|2020= 818
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Maysville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3742100&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 398
| 48.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 338
| 41.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 51
| 6.23%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 24
| 2.93%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 818 people, 401 households, and 263 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,002 people, 389 households and 255 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,326.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 483 housing units at an average density of {{convert|639.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 40.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 55.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.20% of the population.

There were 389 households, of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.3% had a female householder with no husband present and 34.2% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.20.

30.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $27,750 and the median family income was $34,688. Males had a median income of $30,104 and females $19,048. The [[per capita income]] was $11,119. About 19.9% of families and 26.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.1% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

