==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 69
|2010= 78
|2020= 91
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 69 people, 34 households, and 24 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|12.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.35% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, out of which 11.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 29.4% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 11.6% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 36.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,917, and the median income for a family was $27,857. Males had a median income of $10,000 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,791. There were 9.1% of families and 19.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.3% of those over 64.

