==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=80
|2020=89
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Robinson Mill first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Robinson Mill had a population of 89. The population density was {{convert|67.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Robinson Mill was 71 (80%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (1%) [[African Americans|African American]], 2 (2%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 8 (9%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3 (3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4 (4%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 13 persons (15%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Robinson Mill CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0662200 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 39 households, out of which 6 (15%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 21 (54%) were married-couple households, 5 (13%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 6 (15%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 7 (18%) had a male householder with no partner present. 9 households (23%) were one person, and 6 (15%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.28.<ref name=DP1/> There were 25 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (64% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Robinson Mill CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0662200 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 5 people (6%) under the age of 18, 9 people (10%) aged 18 to 24, 28 people (32%) aged 25 to 44, 18 people (20%) aged 45 to 64, and 29 people (33%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 52.5{{nbsp}}years. There were 44 males and 45 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|35.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 39 (83%) were occupied. Of these, 21 (54%) were owner-occupied, and 18 (46%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

