==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1920= 269
|1930= 349
|1940= 545
|1950= 393
|2000= 153
|2010= 120
|2020= 109
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 153 people, 65 households, and 49 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|314.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.69% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]] and 1.31% from two or more races.

There were 65 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.0% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,250, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $30,536 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,278. About 22.9% of families and 24.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 33.3% of those 65 or over.

