==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1092
|1880= 944
|1890= 1190
|1900= 1145
|1910= 1100
|1920= 2208
|1930= 1170
|1940= 1123
|1950= 1026
|1960= 1004
|1970= 1120
|1980= 1006
|1990= 1007
|2000= 810
|2010= 795
|2020= 668
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archive-date=April 26, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=http://factfinder.census.gov |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212221153/http://factfinder.census.gov/main.html |url-status=dead |archive-date=2020-02-12 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=American FactFinder }}</ref> of 2000, there were 810 people, 351 households, and 209 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,520.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 409 housing units at an average density of {{convert|767.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.22% of the population.

There were 351 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,021, and the median income for a family was $35,714. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $23,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,330. About 6.7% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

