==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 598
|1870= 2360
|1880= 2626
|1890= 2480
|1900= 3114
|1910= 1782
|1920= 552
|1930= 572
|1940= 706
|1950= 371
|1960= 250
|1970= 228
|1980= 329
|1990= 335
|2000= 515
|2010= 663
|2020= 779
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 515 people, 261 households, and 101 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|273.0|PD/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.8|/sqmi|/km2}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 91.84% White, 0.19% Black or African American, 1.55% Native American, 1.17% Asian, 1.17% Pacific Islander, 2.52% from other races, and 1.55% from two or more races. 9.32% of the population were [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or Latino of any race.

There were 261 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 61.3% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.5% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 34.0% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,921, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $25,446 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,465. About 7.4% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

