==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 300
|1930= 272
|1940= 277
|1950= 215
|1960= 176
|1970= 208
|1980= 168
|1990= 181
|2000= 197
|2010= 181
|2020= 139
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 197 people, 69 households and 50 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|169.3|/sqmi}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.3|/sqmi}}. The racial make up was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.55% of the population.

There were 69 households, of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.29.

29.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $43,750 and the median family income was $47,875. Males had a median income of $24,792 and females $26,042. The [[per capita income]] was $14,670. None of the families and 0.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 7.7% of those over 64.
{{clear|left}}

