==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1884
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7,972 people, 2,629 households, and 2,163 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1,399.3/mi<sup>2</sup> (540.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,661 housing units at an average density of 467.1/mi<sup>2</sup> (180.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.59% of the population.

There were 2,629 households, out of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.7% were non-families. 15.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.37.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $108,648, and the median income for a family was $137,580. Males had a median income of $91,365 versus $80,261 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $41,349.

