==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 996
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 702 people, 188 households, and 153 families residing in the CDP.  This rose to 843 in the 2010 census and 996 in 2020. The 2000 population density was {{convert|53.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 207 housing units at an average density of {{convert|15.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 94.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

While Hays is located on a reservation belonging to both [[Assiniboine people]] and [[Gros Ventre people]], the community itself is primarily inhabited by [[Gros Ventre]], while nearby [[Lodge Pole, Montana|Lodge Pole]] is home to [[Assiniboine people]].<ref>{{cite journal|author=Cowell, A.|author2=Taylor, A.|author3=Brockie, T.|title=Gros Ventre ethnogeography and place names: A diachronic perspective|journal=Anthropological Linguistics|year=2016|volume=58|number=2|pages=132–170|doi=10.1353/anl.2016.0025|s2cid=151520012}}</ref>

There were 188 households, out of which 51.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.6% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.71 and the average family size was 4.16.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 44.0% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 12.3% from 45 to 64, and 5.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $17,000, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $25,250 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,489. About 44.1% of families and 50.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 60.0% of those under age 18 and 48.8% of those age 65 or over.

