==Demographics==
===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 414 people, 148 households, and 114 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|667.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|285.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 148 households, of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them;60.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together; 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present; 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present;and 23.0% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the town was 35.8 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 334 people, 129 households, and 94 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|848.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.29% of the population.

There were 129 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.{{US Census population
|1900= 778
|1910= 420
|1920= 395
|1930= 357
|1940= 412
|1950= 482
|1960= 507
|1970= 519
|1980= 539
|1990= 458
|2000= 334
|2010= 414
|2020= 329
|estimate= 348
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/orestes-demographics|title=Orestes Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

The median income for a household in the town was $39,219, and the median income for a family was $39,602. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,037. None of the families and 3.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.

