==Demographics==

===2020 census===
As of 2020, the population of Woodsburgh was at 897 people with a median age of 50.9 years.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Woodsburgh_village,_New_York?g=160XX00US3682986 |access-date=2024-05-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> In 2024, this population drops to 872 people with the male population being it 429 while the female population was 458.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Woodsburgh, New York Population 2024 |url=https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/woodsburgh-ny-population |access-date=2024-05-31 |website=worldpopulationreview.com}}</ref> The median age was recorded to be at 50.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Woodsburgh, New York Population 2024 |url=https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/woodsburgh-ny-population |access-date=2024-05-31 |website=worldpopulationreview.com}}</ref>

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
|1920= 220
|1930= 376
|1940= 702
|1950= 745
|1960= 907
|1970= 817
|1980= 847
|1990= 1190
|2000= 831
|2010= 778
|2020= 897
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 831 people, 257 households and 224 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,286.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|737.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.17% of the population.

There were 257 households, of which 45.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.8% were non-families. 12.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.23 and the average family size was 3.50.

33.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $185,296 and the median family income was $189,227. Males had a median income of $100,000 compared with $60,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $76,443. None of the families and 0.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

