==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 398
|1910= 402
|1920= 392
|1930= 439
|1940= 470
|1950= 485
|1960= 421
|1970= 522
|1980= 504
|1990= 561
|2000= 589
|2010= 618
|2020= 613
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 618 people, 273 households, and 175 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|494.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 453 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.7% White, 0.2% African American, 2.8% Native American, 1.1% Asian, and 2.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.3% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=August 2020}}

There were 273 households, of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.48.{{Citation needed|date=August 2020}}

The median age in the village was 58.8 years. 12.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 39.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.{{Citation needed|date=August 2020}}

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 589 people, 271 households, and 179 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|538.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 374 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.94% White, 0.34% African American, 1.19% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 1.02% from other races, and 0.17% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.72% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=August 2020}}

There were 271 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.62.{{Citation needed|date=August 2020}}

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 32.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.{{Citation needed|date=August 2020}}

The median income for a household in the village was $44,063, and the median income for a family was $52,321. Males had a median income of $38,173 versus $22,045 for females. The per capita income for the village was $24,097. About 3.6% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.{{Citation needed|date=August 2020}}

