==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 206
|2000= 164
|2010= 175
|2020= 111
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 164 people, 60 households, and 43 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|145.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 53.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 46.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. Zero percent of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 60 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. Twenty-three percent of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $50,417. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $19,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,490. Nearly 10% of the population and 9.3% of families were below the [[poverty line]], while 8.5% of those under the age of 18 and 5.9% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

