==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 1003
|2020= 867
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Minkler first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Minkler had a population of 867. The population density was {{convert|148.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Minkler was 652 (75.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 12 (1.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 25 (2.9%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.1%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 59 (6.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 118 (13.6%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 235 persons (27.1%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Minkler CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0647822 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 336 households, out of which 82 (24.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 186 (55.4%) were married-couple households, 27 (8.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 64 (19.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 59 (17.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 87 households (25.9%) were one person, and 63 (18.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.58.<ref name=DP1/> There were 222 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (66.1% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Minkler CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0647822 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 159 people (18.3%) under the age of 18, 63 people (7.3%) aged 18 to 24, 153 people (17.6%) aged 25 to 44, 268 people (30.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 224 people (25.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 51.8{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 373 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 336 (90.1%) were occupied. Of these, 259 (77.1%) were owner-occupied, and 77 (22.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

