==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 375
|1900= 593
|1910= 611
|1920= 658
|1930= 666
|1940= 761
|1950= 878
|1960= 952
|1970= 896
|1980= 975
|1990= 969
|2000= 991
|2010= 948
|2020= 976
|estyear=2021
|estimate=979
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

Census data shows that as of 2021,<ref>{{cite web |last1=Census Reporter |title=Millville, PA Profile Data |url=https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US4249944-millville-pa/ |access-date=May 22, 2023}}</ref> there were 976 people, 360 households, and 398 housing units in Millville. 54% of the population was female and 46% male. The racial makeup of the borough was 88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2% of the population. 6.7% of the population was foreign born, with 72% coming from Asia, 22% from Europe, and 6% from Africa.  41% of the population was married and 59% single.

Of the 360 households, 62% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13% had a female householder, 2% male householder, and 24% were non-families. The average household size was 2.4. Of the 398 housing units, 90% were occupied and 51% owner-occupied. 63% of the housing units were single unit and 37% multi-unit. The median value of owner-occupied housing units was $145,400 - about 75% of the state median.

The median age of borough residents was 41.9, about 1% higher than the state median. 15% of residents were under the age of 18, 65% from 18 to 64, and 20% were 65 years of age or older.

The median household income in the borough was $52,692 while per capita income was $25,061, both below the state medians.  15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6% of those under age 18 and 14% of those age 65 or over. 91.6% had a high school degree or better, and 22.7% had a bachelor's degree or better.

