==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 250
|1890= 642
|1900= 739
|1910= 788
|1920= 906
|1930= 953
|1940= 1008
|1950= 832
|1960= 831
|1970= 814
|1980= 945
|1990= 988
|2000= 1042
|2010= 991
|2020= 947
}}As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,042 people, 362 households, and 280 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,110.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 398 housing units at an average density of {{convert|424.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 13.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 48.75% of the population.

There were 362 households, out of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.7% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,092, and the median income for a family was $26,827. Males had a median income of $23,295 versus $16,029 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,576. About 23.2% of families and 28.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.8% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

