==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2672
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 2,820 people, 1,098 households, and 802 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,506.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|610.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 97.06% White, 0.57% African American, 0.11% Native American, 1.56% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.07% from other races, and 0.60% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.14% of the population.

There were 1,098 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $50,690, and the median income for a family was $61,786. Males had a median income of $44,125 versus $24,805 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,943. About 7.0% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

