==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 343
|1990= 623
|2000= 859
|2010= 835
|2020= 1084
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 859 people, 322 households, and 293 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|556.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.93% from two or more races.

There were 322 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 87.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 8.7% were non-families. 7.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 40.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $96,037, and the median income for a family was $98,071. Males had a median income of $80,000 versus $27,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $45,070. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

