==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 222
|1910= 289
|1920= 288
|1930= 426
|1940= 160
|1950= 421
|1960= 269
|1970= 581
|1980= 634
|1990= 501
|2000= 554
|2010= 594
|2020= 555
|estyear=2021
|estimate=560
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Winfall racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3774720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 23, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 298
| 53.69%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 198
| 35.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.72%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 39
| 7.03%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 16
| 2.88%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 555 people, 322 households, and 203 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 554 people, 234 households, and 153 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|259.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 276 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 61.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 37.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 234 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,386, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $17,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,587. About 12.6% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.4% of those under age 18 and 18.1% of those age 65 or over.

