==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 128
|1930= 128
|1940= 139
|1950= 105
|1960= 90
|1970= 79
|1980= 110
|1990= 99
|2000= 103
|2010= 105
|2020= 75
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 105 people, 40 households, and 27 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|291.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 103 people, 46 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|268.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.53% of the population.

There were 46 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.2 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,078. There were 3.6% of families and 9.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

