==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 175
|1880= 170
|1890= 803
|1900= 604
|1910= 977
|1920= 1314
|1930= 1612
|1940= 1873
|1950= 2433
|1960= 2235
|1970= 2082
|1980= 2070
|1990= 1575
|2000= 1568
|2010= 1627
|2020= 1608
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}Murphy's homeless population was 46 as of 2025.<ref>{{Cite news |last=Foster |first=Randy |date=2025-02-26 |title=Homeless county shows a slight decline in last year |work=[[Cherokee Scout]] |publisher=[[Community Newspapers Inc.]] |location=Murphy, NC |page=9A}}</ref>

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Murphy racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3745660&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,291
| 80.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 66
| 4.1%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 26
| 1.62%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 37
| 2.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 145
| 9.02%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 43
| 2.67%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,608 people, 774 households, and 394 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 census, the total population was 1,621 people.<ref>U.S. Census Bureau c/o GreatData.com</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,568 people, 725 households, and 440 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|687.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 819 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.87% of the population.

There were 725 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,952, and the median income for a family was $35,234. Males had a median income of $30,395 versus $16,908 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,926. About 16.7% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.2% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

