==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|37
|1900|65
|1910|62
|1920|67
|1930|89
|1940|94
|1950|113
|1960|128
|1970|129
|1980|141
|1990|120
|2000|118
|2010|129
|2020|109
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=October 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141003185009/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 109 people, 38 households, and 30 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 286.5 inhabitants per square mile (110.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 49 housing units at an average density of 128.8 per square mile (49.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.9% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

Of the 38 households, 39.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% were cohabitating couples, 26.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 21.1% of all households were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 24.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 29.4% were from 25 and 44; 22.0% were from 45 and 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 129 people in 52 households, including 36 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|339.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.4% White, 0.8% Asian, and 0.8% from two or more races.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11|archive-date=April 18, 2020|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20200418045555/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref>

Of the 52 households 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 28.8% of households were one person and 5.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age was 44.5 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.4% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 118 people, 52 households, and 30 families residing in St. Paul. The population density was {{convert|312.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.31% White, and 1.69% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=April 18, 2020|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20200418045555/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref>

Of the 52 households 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 32.7% of households were one person and 17.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.97.

The age distribution was 22.9% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% 65 or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median household income was $45,313 and the median family income  was $58,750. Males had a median income of $37,188 versus $25,625 for females. The per capita income for the city was $20,312. There were no families and 3.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

