==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 1036
|1960= 949
|1970= 829
|1980= 754
|1990= 707
|2000= 715
|2010= 650
|2020= 623
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 715 people, 299 households, and 186 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|8,642.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 313 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,783.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.24% of the population.

There were 299 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.2% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,393, and the median income for a family was $52,639. Males had a median income of $34,405 versus $26,538 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,696. About 5.9% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

