==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 48
|1980= 40
|1990= 35
|2000= 22
|2010= 7
|2020= 1
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Ivanof Bay first appeared on the 1970 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 22 people, 9 households, and 7 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|6.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 12 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.55% [[Race (U.S. census)|White]] and 95.45% [[Race (U.S. census)|Native American]].

There were 9 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 18.2% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, and 31.8% from 45 to 64. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 266.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 350.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $91,977, and the median income for a family was $91,977. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,983. None of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

