==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 286
| 1890 = 281
| 1900 = 312
| 1910 = 289
| 1920 = 290
| 1930 = 325
| 1940 = 347
| 1950 = 360
| 1960 = 232
| 1970 = 309
| 1980 = 397
| 1990 = 328
| 2000 = 465
| 2010 = 432
| 2020 = 420
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 433
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 465 people, 204 households, and 137 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|294.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 98.49% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 1.51% from two or more races.  0.22% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 204 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. Of all households, 31.9% were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,500, and the median income for a family was $31,111. Males had a median income of $23,958 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,662.  About 8.1% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 23.2% of those age 65 or over.

