==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 243
|1890= 254
|1900= 440
|1910= 598
|1920= 521
|1930= 655
|1940= 830
|1950= 947
|1960= 1071
|1970= 1081
|1980= 1218
|1990= 1256
|2000= 1346
|2010= 1292
|2020= 1237
|footnote=source:<ref>Moffatt, Riley.  ''Population History of Western U.S. Cities & Towns, 1850-1990''. [[Lanham, Maryland|Lanham]]: Scarecrow, 1996, 159.</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/cities/files/SUB-EST2007-32.csv|title=Subcounty population estimates: Nevada 2000-2007|format=[[Comma-separated values|CSV]]|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]], Population Division|date=March 18, 2009|access-date=May 9, 2009|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20090331141911/http://www.census.gov/popest/cities/files/SUB-EST2007-32.csv <!--Added by H3llBot-->|archive-date=March 31, 2009}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,346 people, 525 households, and 352 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|195.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 633 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 80.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 9.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.47% of the population.

There were 525 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,870, and the median income for a family was $41,827. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,852 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,835. About 8.6% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 2.1% of those age 65 or over.

