==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 409
|1870= 660
|1880= 854
|1890= 808
|1900= 777
|1910= 768
|1920= 625
|1930= 692
|1940= 667
|1950= 844
|1960= 867
|1970= 949
|1980= 951
|1990= 920
|2000= 917
|2010= 870
|2020= 881
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 881 people, 321 households, and 243 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 864.2 inhabitants per square mile (333.67/km squared).

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 870 people, 319 households, and 241 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|861.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 349 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 319 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.5% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 37.1 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
According to the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 917 people, 334 households, and 245 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,217.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|483.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.07% of the population.

There were 334 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.6% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $41,625. Males had a median income of $34,479 versus $27,692 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,266. About 3.9% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

