==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 169 people, 63 households, and 49 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 75.5 people per square mile (29.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 73 housing units at an average density of 32.6/sq&nbsp;mi (12.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68, and the average family size was 3.04.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,469, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $36,176 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,976. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

