==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 220
| 2010 = 197
| 2020 = 225
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 220 people, 84 households, and 63 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|428.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.91% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 22.7% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $40,714. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,650. About 7.1% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

