==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1712
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Moravian Falls racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3744280&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-21|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,313
| 72.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 75
| 4.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 26
| 1.44%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 14
| 0.78%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 374
| 20.8%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,802 people, 874 households, and 521 families residing in the CDP. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,321. About 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,440 people, 600 households, and 415 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|283.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 656 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.15% of the population.

There were 600 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,607, and the median income for a family was $48,906. Males had a median income of $21,911 versus $24,013 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,405. About 5.7% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

