==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 329
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 401 people, 157 households, and 108 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|186.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 73.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 23.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 157 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,432, and the median income for a family was $44,792. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,628. About 4.4% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 4.2% of those age 65 or over.

