==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 221
|1910= 781
|1930= 405
|1940= 781
|1950= 786
|1960= 1073
|1970= 1125
|1980= 1511
|1990= 1584
|2000= 1396
|2010= 1310
|2020= 1198
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,310 people, 630 households, and 374 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|977.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 930 housing units at an average density of {{convert|694.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 630 households, of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.57.

The median age in the town was 54.3 years. 15.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.4% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 30% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,396 people, 654 households, and 408 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,050.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 834 housing units at an average density of {{convert|627.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86% of the population.

There were 654 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,833, and the median income for a family was $38,672. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $21,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,521. About 10.5% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

