==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 47
|1940= 93
|1950= 92
|1960= 139
|1970= 107
|1980= 161
|1990= 166
|2000= 171
|2010= 177
|2020= 162
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Port Graham first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It did not appear on the 1930 census, but returned in 1940 and in every subsequent census. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 171 people, 70 households, and 46 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|28.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 11.11% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 84.80% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.51% from two or more races. 3.51% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 70 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were married couples living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,250, and the median income for a family was $43,438. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $14,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,666. About 15.1% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.1% of those 65 or over.

