==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 201
|1900= 422
|1910= 871
|1920= 1375
|1930= 1612
|1940= 1669
|1950= 1892
|1960= 2062
|1970= 2513
|1980= 2461
|1990= 2349
|2000= 2312
|2010= 1952
|2020= 1457
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing by Decades|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Shaw Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2867000&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-07|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|51
|3.5%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|1,376
|94.44%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|8
|0.55%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|12
|0.82%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|10
|0.69%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States Census]], there were 1,457 people, 737 households, and 548 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,312 people, 753 households, and 573 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,082.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 785 housing units at an average density of {{convert|707.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 7.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 92.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 753 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 37.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.9% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.07 and the average family size was 3.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,878, and the median income for a family was $19,393. Males had a median income of $21,181 versus $18,816 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,070. About 41.3% of families and 41.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.5% of those under age 18 and 31.3% of those age 65 or over.

