==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1810= 303
|1820= 746
|1830= 1129
|1860= 1381
|1870= 1569
|1880= 2028
|1890= 2278
|1900= 3330
|1910= 3084
|1920= 3113
|1930= 3405
|1940= 3379
|1950= 3293
|1960= 3579
|1970= 3521
|1980= 3159
|1990= 3037
|2000= 2788
|2010= 2821
|2020= 2597
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 20, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,821 people, 1,138 households, and 693 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1669.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|761.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 1,138 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 39.6 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,788 people, 1,133 households, and 696 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,521.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,133.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.61% of the population.

There were 1,133 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,841, and the median income for a family was $36,707. Males had a median income of $29,271 versus $19,826 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,097. About 10.1% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.4% of those under the age of 18 and 5.2% of those 65 years or over.

