==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 332
|1910= 377
|1920= 404
|1930= 412
|1940= 511
|1950= 529
|1960= 601
|1970= 619
|1980= 634
|1990= 509
|2000= 564
|2010= 586
|2020= 601
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 586 people, 220 households, and 149 families residing in the city.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|1302.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 238 housing units at an average density of {{convert|528.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 72.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 17.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.6% of the population.

There were 220 households, of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.21.

The median age in the city was 35 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 12% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 564 people, 232 households, and 152 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,289.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 235 housing units at an average density of {{convert|537.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 86.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.07% of the population.

There were 232 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,904, and the median income for a family was $38,482. Males had a median income of $27,212 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,177.  About 6.1% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

