==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 493
|1880= 332
|1900= 360
|1910= 392
|1920= 443
|1930= 503
|1940= 585
|1950= 592
|1960= 578
|1970= 601
|1980= 604
|1990= 520
|2000= 706
|2010= 737
|2020= 796
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=May 13, 2018|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 737 people, 311 households, and 182 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|795.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 335 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98% White, 0.1% African American, 0.5% Asian, and 1.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 311 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.5% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 43.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 13.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 16.7% from 25 to 44, 30% from 45 to 64, and 31.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,773, and the median income for a family was $58,393. Males had a median income of $53,083 versus $31,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $25,854. About 8.1% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 1.4% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.

