==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=235
|2020=279
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Fiddletown first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Fiddletown had a population of 279. The population density was {{convert|61.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Fiddletown was 84.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|African American]], 0.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 14.3% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 26.7% included children under the age of 18, 65.8% were married-couple households, 6.7% were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 12.5% had a female householder with no partner present, and 15.0% had a male householder with no partner present. 17.5% of households were one person, and 7.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.33. There were 92 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (76.7% of all households).

The age distribution was 15.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% aged 18 to 24, 15.8% aged 25 to 44, 28.0% aged 45 to 64, and 35.1% who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 57.1{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males.

There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 120 (77.9%) were occupied. Of these, 80.8% were owner-occupied, and 19.2% were occupied by renters.<ref>{{cite web |title=Fiddletown CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0623980 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 26, 2025}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=Fiddletown CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0623980 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 26, 2025}}</ref>

