==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 99
|1930= 189
|1940= 325
|1950= 243
|1960= 366
|1970= 283
|1980= 477
|1990= 246
|2000= 250
|2010= 338
|2020= 267
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 338 people, 131 households, and 88 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|845.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 9.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. 10.9% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 131 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.8 years.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,771, and the median income for a family was $43,250.  The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,512. About 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].{{clear left}}

