==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 786
|1920= 974
|1930= 772
|1940= 733
|1950= 654
|1960= 541
|1970= 488
|1980= 459
|1990= 354
|2000= 345
|2010= 338
|2020= 330
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 338 people, 139 households, and 91 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|355.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 139 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.5% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 39 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 345 people, 139&nbsp;households, and 101&nbsp;families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|396.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 151&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|173.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.87% from two or more races.

There were 139 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 40&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 107.8&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 107.0&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $26,042. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,480. About 18.4% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.3% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

