==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 187
|1880= 198
|1900= 190
|1910= 187
|1920= 138
|1930= 135
|1940= 135
|1950= 126
|1960= 143
|1970= 106
|1980= 110
|1990= 103
|2000= 109
|2010= 86
|2020= 75
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 86 people, 31 households, and 21 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1433.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 7.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 31 households, of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 41 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.2% male and 55.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 109 people, 36 households, and 27 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,373.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|478.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 5.50% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, out of which 47.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.0% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 73.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,209. There were 7.4% of families and 5.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of under eighteens and 10.5% of those over 64.

