==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 65
|1950= 174
|1960= 334
|1970= 347
|1980= 515
|1990= 550
|2000= 528
|2010= 687
|2020= 670
|estyear=2021
|estimate=673
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020—2021|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|website=Census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=August 1, 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 528 people, 203 households, and 160 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,261.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|516.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.19% of the population.

There were 203 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.7% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $52,386, and the median income for a family was $61,042. Males had a median income of $36,000 versus $28,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $25,577. About 1.3% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

