==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 305
|1890= 621
|1900= 563
|1910= 551
|1920= 460
|1930= 492
|1940= 429
|1950= 374
|1960= 357
|1970= 312
|1980= 270
|1990= 256
|2000= 276
|2010= 171
|2020= 196
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 171 people, 74 households, and 50 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|855.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 74 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 31.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 276 people, 107 households, and 78 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,378.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|614.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.54% of the population.

There were 107 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,500, and the median income for a family was $39,306. Males had a median income of $27,321 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,022. About 4.9% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.7% of those 65 or over.

