==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 1159
| 1880 = 978
| 1890 = 1086
| 1900 = 1042
| 1910 = 940
| 1920 = 745
| 1930 = 821
| 1940 = 931
| 1950 = 1078
| 1960 = 1273
| 1970 = 1611
| 1980 = 1935
| 1990 = 2059
| 2000 = 2401
| 2010 = 2383
| 2020 = 2544
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,383 people, 1,027 households, and 678 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1557.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|783.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 1,027 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 43.7 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,401 people, 945 households, and 687 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,503.4 people per square mile (579.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,060 housing units at an average density of 663.7 per square mile (255.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.08% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. 0.62% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 945 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,886, and the median income for a family was $53,477. Males had a median income of $41,047 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,316. 4.7% of the population and 3.4% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. 3.6% of those under the age of 18 and 9.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

