==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 110
| 1990 = 70
| 2000 = 75
| 2010 = 79
| 2020 = 73
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 74
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 75 people, 30 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|29.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|15.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.33% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 2.67% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 30 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50, and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median household income in the town was $39,063, and the median family income was $58,438. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $37,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,611. There were 8.7% of families and 11.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

