==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 1289
|1940= 1443
|1950= 1860
|1960= 2360
|1970= 3273
|1980= 2980
|1990= 2555
|2000= 2469
|2010= 2249
|2020= 2217
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,249 people, 792 households, and 590 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2471.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 877 housing units at an average density of {{convert|963.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 792 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.5% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the village was 36.1 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,469 people, 877 households, and 701 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,782.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 934 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,052.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 879 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 15.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males. There are an average of 15.2 spare tires per person in the town.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,476, and the median income for a family was $40,057. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $19,966 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,538. About 10.3% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and 5.9% of those age 65 or over.

