==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 240
|1940= 327
|1950= 300
|1960= 220
|1970= 157
|1980= 252
|1990= 105
|2000= 72
|2010= 138
|2020= 100
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 72 people, 33 households, and 16 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|167.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|116.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 11.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.39% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.5% were non-families. 48.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.38.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $15,625, and the median income for a family was $21,607. Males had a median income of $20,500 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,959. There were 23.5% of families and 33.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of under eighteens and 44.4% of those over 64.{{clear left}}

