==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 337
|1860= 474
|1870= 488
|1880= 514
|1890= 719
|1900= 675
|1910= 683
|1920= 889
|1930= 1087
|1940= 1067
|1950= 1797
|1960= 2127
|1970= 2318
|1980= 1860
|1990= 2086
|2000= 2651
|2010= 2491
|2020= 2361
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,651 people, 672 households, and 376 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,771.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 709 housing units at an average density of {{convert|473.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 672 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.0% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 12.7% under the age of 18, 48.5% from 18 to 24, 13.6% from 25 to 44, 12.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females there were 85.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,011, and the median income for a family was $43,333. Males had a median income of $34,750 versus $25,583 for females. The per capita income for the village was $17,973. About 16.1% of families and 24.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.2% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those aged 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,491 people, 670 households, and 366 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1528.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 745 housing units at an average density of {{convert|457.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 670 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.4% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 22.5 years. 12% of residents were under the age of 18; 46.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14% were from 25 to 44; 14.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.2% male and 54.8% female.

