==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 339 people, 96 households, and 72 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 7.4 people per square mile (2.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 121 housing units at an average density of 2.6/sq&nbsp;mi (1.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 66.67% [Caucasian] (U.S. Census), 22.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.21% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 28.6% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,926, and the median income for a family was $26,071. Males had a median income of $26,295 versus $25,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,567. About 16.3% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.9% of those under age 18 and 100.0% of those age 65 or over.

