==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 108
| 1980 = 98
| 1990 = 111
| 2000 = 120
| 2010 = 87
| 2020 = 115
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 117
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 120 people, 42 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 165.5/km{{sup|2}} (428.2/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 48 housing units at an average density of 66.2/km{{sup|2}} (171.3/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 87.50% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 5.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.67% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 4.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.00% of the population.

There were 42 households, out of which 52.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.5% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,042, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $15,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,135. There were 13.9% of families and 17.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

