==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 453
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, there were 590 people, 233 households, and 163 families residing in the CDP. There were 282 housing units, of which 49, or 17.4%, were vacant. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.9% [[White Americans|white]], 0.8% [[African American]], 0.2% [[Native Americans of the United States|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asia]]n, 1.2% some other race, and 0.7% from two or more races. 1.5% of the population were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2102188| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Artemus CDP, Kentucky| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=March 7, 2019| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213133140/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2102188| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 233 households in the CDP, 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53, and the average family size was 3.10.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

24.4% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 10.9% were from age 18 to 24, 23.6% were from 25 to 44, 24.6% were from 45 to 64, and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2013–17, the estimated median annual income for a household was $55,057, and the median income for a family was $55,922. <!--Male full-time workers had a median income of $___ versus $___ for females.--> The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,829. <!--__% of the population and __% of families were below the poverty line, along with __% of people under the age of 18 and __% of people 65 or older.--><ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US2102188| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Artemus CDP, Kentucky| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=March 7, 2019| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213105429/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US2102188| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

