==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 48
|1910= 109
|1920= 101
|1930= 117
|1940= 133
|1950= 105
|1960= 52
|1970= 85
|1980= 47
|1990= 57
|2000= 59
|2010= 45
|2020= 55
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=February 19, 2014}}</ref> of 2010, there were 45 people, 22 households, and 14 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 67.2 per square mile. There were 29 housing units at an average density of 43.3 per square mile. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.0% of the population.

There were 22 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 13.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 13.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.0% were from 25 to 44; 35.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

As of the 2008-2012 [[American Community Survey]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/> the median income for a household in the city was $32,813, and the median income for a family was $33,438. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,621.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 59 people, 22 households, and 17 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|83.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 22 households, out of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $46,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,575. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

