==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 586
|1910= 589
|1920= 727
|1930= 456
|1940= 1110
|1950= 1002
|1960= 1206
|1970= 1236
|1980= 1515
|1990= 1279
|2000= 1347
|2010= 1034
|2020= 995
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Edwards Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2821580&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-07|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|109
|10.95%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|843
|84.72%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.2%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.1%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|20
|2.01%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|20
|2.01%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 995 people, 404 households, and 193 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,034 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 82.4% Black, 15.4% White, 0.7% Native American, 0.1% Asian and 0.6% from two or more races. 0.9% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,347 people, 461 households, and 335 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|808.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 505 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 78.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 20.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 461 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 82.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,231, and the median income for a family was $31,786. Males had a median income of $26,094 versus $19,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,308. About 19.0% of families and 22.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.4% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.

