==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 319
|1920= 977
|1930= 328
|1940= 330
|1950= 293
|1960= 369
|1970= 381
|1980= 514
|1990= 392
|2000= 407
|2010= 458
|2020= 431
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> there were 458 people, 193 households and 134 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1065.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 230 housing units at an average density of {{convert|534.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the town was 90.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 193 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present and 30.6% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age was 42.3 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18, 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 23.4% were from 25 to 44, 30% were from 45 to 64 and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the town was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 407 people, 171 households and 112 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|968.4|/sqmi}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|497.3|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the town was 92.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 3.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.91% of the population.

There were 171 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present and 34.5% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.03.

25.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64 and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $26,563 and the median family income was $34,375. Males had a median income of $30,469 and females $19,125. The [[per capita income]] was $15,515. About 12.5% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

