==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 2953
| 1900 = 2789
| 1910 = 3561
| 1920 = 3775
| 1930 = 2293
| 1940 = 2673
| 1950 = 2410
| 1960 = 1313
| 1970 = 891
| 1980 = 703
| 1990 = 513
| 2000 = 441
| 2010 = 389
| 2020 = 268
| estyear = 2021
| estimate = 264
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2021/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2021-POP-51.xlsx |format=XLSX |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in Virginia: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2021
}}</ref>
| footnote = source:<ref>{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFPopulation?_event=Search&geo_id=16000US5170096&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US51%7C16000US5170096&_street=&_county=Pocahontas&_cityTown=Pocahontas&_state=04000US51&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=population_0&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null%3Anull&_keyword=&_industry=|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200210220923/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFPopulation?_event=Search&geo_id=16000US5170096&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US51%7C16000US5170096&_street=&_county=Pocahontas&_cityTown=Pocahontas&_state=04000US51&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=population_0&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=|archive-date=February 10, 2020|title=Population Finder: Pocahontas CDP, Virginia|publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]|access-date=October 26, 2012}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 441 people, 190 households, and 122 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 729.1 people per square mile (283.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 230 housing units at an average density of 380.3 per square mile (148.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.81% of the population.

There were 190 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,917, and the median income for a family was $30,357. Males had a median income of $22,232 versus $17,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,124. About 19.8% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

