==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 291
|1920= 285
|1930= 298
|1940= 460
|1950= 549
|1960= 501
|1970= 488
|1980= 469
|1990= 303
|2000= 707
|2010= 546
|2020= 650
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1394
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-13.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 707 people, 251 households and 159 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|357.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 265 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 68.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.97% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 22.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 33.38% of the population.

There were 251 households, of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were married couples living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.18.

Age distribution was 24.5% under the age of 18, 16.0% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $35,875, and the median family income was $38,594. Males had a median income of $20,341 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,934. About 14.6% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.8% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

