==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 216
|1920= 250
|1930= 268
|1940= 287
|1950= 321
|1960= 370
|1970= 399
|1980= 361
|1990= 313
|2000= 327
|2010= 381
|2020= 487
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=ellendale%20delaware&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P1|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=October 6, 2022}}</ref> of 2020 there were 487 people, an increase of 27.8% from the year 2010.  The population density was {{convert|1145.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|508.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 53.2% White, 28.7% [[African American]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian people|Asian]], 0% from [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and Other [[Pacific Islands Americans|Pacific Islander]], 6.1% from other races, and 9.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 205 households, out of which 50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a male householder with no spouse present, 41.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.1% were non-families. 7.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.66 and the average family size was 3.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 34, 19.9% from 35 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 27.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $55,268, a 49% increase from 2010, and the mean income was $62,238. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $17,614 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,831.  About 7.2% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.3% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

{{As of|2010}}, the Ellendale region's population (for the entire zip code) was 2,522 people.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 26, 2018}}</ref> Since 2000, it has had a population growth of 13.1%. The median home cost in the Ellendale region is $185,000. Home appreciation the last year has been -2.5%. Compared to the rest of the country, Ellendale's cost of living is 14.4% lower than the U.S. average. The public schools serving the Ellendale region spend $7,073 per student. The average school expenditure in the U.S. is $6,058. There are about 18 students per teacher in the Ellendale region. The unemployment rate in the Ellendale region is 2.7% (U.S. avg. is 4.6%). Recent job growth is positive as Ellendale region jobs have shown an increase of 0.6%. The chart below shows the cost of living for the Ellendale regions versus the average cost of living for the rest of the United States.<ref>[http://www.bestplaces.net/zip-code/Ellendale_DE-71994100091.aspx Ellendale, Delaware (DE) cost of living resources - Sperling's BestPlaces<!-- Bot generated title -->]{{dead link|date=December 2018}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Cost Of Living
! Ellendale, DE
! United States
|-
| Overall
| 86
| 100
|-
| Food
| 104
| 100
|-
| Health
| 96
| 100
|-
| Housing
| 57
| 100
|-
| Utilities
| 120
| 100
|-
| Transportation
| 95
| 100
|-
| Miscellaneous
| 98
| 100
|}

