==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 117
|1890= 294
|1910= 210
|1920= 262
|1930= 323
|1940= 273
|1950= 370
|1960= 312
|1970= 394
|1980= 273
|1990= 208
|2000= 199
|2010= 219
|2020= 138
|estyear=2022
|estimate=146
|estref=<ref name="2020Est">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=March 19, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |last=Today |first=U. S. A. |title=Pamplin City town, Virginia Demographics and Housing 2020 Decennial Census |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/pamplin-city-town-virginia/160-5160488/ |access-date=2024-03-19 |website=USA Today |language=en}}</ref> of 2020, there were 138 people and 89 households residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 431.25 people per square mile (168.29/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 89 housing units at an average density of 292.3 per square mile (114.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 74.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0% of the population.

There were 89 households, out of which 12% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 80% of households being owner occupied and 20% being renter occupied.

In the town, the population was spread out,<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDP5Y2020.DP05?q=Pamplin%20City%20town,%20Virginia |access-date=2024-03-19 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> with 25.9% under the age of 19, 0% from 18 to 24, 13% from 25 to 44, 37% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.5 years. For every 100 females there were 150 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,980, and the median income for a family was $49,320. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,069.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1902?q=Pamplin%20City%20town,%20Virginia |access-date=2024-03-19 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> About 53.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 92.9% of those under the age of eighteen and approximately 0% of those 65 or over.

