==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 76
|2000= 872
|2010= 911
|2020= 963
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 911 people, 348 households and 259 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|181.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 348 households, of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age was 38.7 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 872 people, 321 households and 248 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|175.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 347 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 321 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.10.

28.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,767 and the median family income was $33,229. Males had a median income of $24,125 and females $20,682. The [[per capita income]]  was $12,442. About 14.4% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.2% of those under age 18 and 16.1% of those age 65 or over.

