==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 237
|1940= 235
|1950= 312
|1960= 303
|1970= 223
|1980= 220
|1990= 208
|2000= 124
|2010= 152
|2020= 132
|estyear=2024
|estimate=139
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 152 people, 66 households, and 41 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|257.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 94.1% White, 2.6% Native American, and 3.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.7%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 14, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 66 households 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 31.8% of households were one person and 12.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age was 45.5 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 31.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 124 people, 68 households, and 32 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|210.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 99.19% White, and 0.81% from two or more races. 51.3% were of [[germans|German]], 16.8% [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 7.6% [[Scandinavia]]n and 5.0% [[finns|Finnish]] ancestry.

Of the 68 households 14.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were married couples living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.5% were non-families. 48.5% of households were one person and 30.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.64.

The age distribution was 13.7% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 16.9% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.1% 65 or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median household income was $14,688 and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $23,438 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,970. There were 10.5% of families and 19.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and 35.7% of those over 64.

