==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 201
|1890= 427
|1900= 657
|1910= 482
|1920= 1161
|1930= 1229
|1940= 1361
|1950= 1453
|1960= 2067
|1970= 2395
|1980= 3015
|1990= 3820
|2000= 4063
|2010= 3988
|2020= 4452
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,988 people, 1,660 households, and 1,110 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|513.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,791 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 1,660 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 39.1 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,063 people, 1,635 households, and 1,111 families residing in the city. The population density was 522.2 people per square mile (201.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,711 housing units at an average density of 219.9 per square mile (84.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 1,635 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were married couples living together and 32.0% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $46,109, and the median income for a family was $51,776. Males had a median income of $34,494 versus $25,572 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,700. About 2.8% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

