==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 671
|2010= 735
|2020= 703
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1005
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-37.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Northwest racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3747860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-22|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 207
| 29.45%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 418
| 59.46%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.71%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 0.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 18
| 2.56%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 52
| 7.4%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 703 people, 326 households, and 199 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 671 people, 260 households, and 185 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|109.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 293 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial composition of the city was: 26.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 71.83% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American]], 0.75% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino American]], 0.30% [[Asian American]], 0.45% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.03% [[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander American|Other Pacific Islander]], 0.15% [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% [[Multiracial American|two or more races]].

There were 260 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $29,821 versus $19,479 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,419. About 14.0% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

