==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 181
| 1930 = 195
| 1940 = 202
| 1950 = 191
| 1960 = 290
| 1970 = 375
| 1980 = 744
| 1990 = 538
| 2000 = 439
| 2010 = 572
| 2020 = 401
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 403
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 439 people, 147 households, and 115 families in the town.  The population density was {{convert|238.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town is 93.62% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.64% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.46% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.82% from two or more races.  0.68% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 147 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,182, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $25,125 versus $17,969 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,012.  About 6.0% of families and 17.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under age 18 and 36.0% of those age 65 or over.

