==Demographics==
===2020 census===
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 420
|2000= 508
|2010= 590
|2020= 705
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2020, there were 705 people, 333 households, and 234 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Algoma town, Mississippi |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Algoma_town,_Mississippi?g=160XX00US2800820 |access-date=April 15, 2023 |website=United States Census Bureau}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 508 people, 203 households, and 156 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|77.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.36% of the population.

There were 203 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,333, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $24,625 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,213. About 10.6% of families and 15.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 37.7% of those age 65 or over.

