==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,558 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 4,529.07 people per square mile (1,747.55/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 630 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 65.1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 6.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 3.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 10.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 6.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 7.9% from two or more races. 10.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Highpoint CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Highpoint_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3935322 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=16 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 580 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 38.6% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 9.5% had a female householder with no spouse present. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18, and the average family size was 2.91.<ref name="2020 census"/>

16.0% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 66.9% were 18 to 64, and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.9. For every 100 females, there were 189.7 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $75,852, and the median income for a family was $83,533. About 2.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 64.6% of the population were employed, and 30.4% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

