==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 717
| 1910 = 817
| 1920 = 700
| 1930 = 600
| 1940 = 666
| 1950 = 870
| 1960 = 825
| 1970 = 1072
| 1980 = 1158
| 1990 = 1097
| 2000 = 1147
| 2010 = 977
| 2020 = 929
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 941
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Mammoth Spring racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0543670&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 865
| 93.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 4
| 0.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 45
| 4.84%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 12
| 1.29%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 929 people, 468 households, and 286 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 977 people in 460 households, including 350 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|847.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 593 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 96.4% White, 0.9% Black or African American, 0.5% Native American, 0.4% Asian, and 0.2% from two or more races. The percentage of the population of Hispanic or Latino of any race was 0.6%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 509 households 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were married couples living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 29.3% of households were one person and 17.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.75.

The age distribution was 23.6% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% 65 or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.

The median household income was $20,588 and the median family income was $26,438. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $16,328 for females. The per capita income for the city was $12,487. About 13.6% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.3% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

