==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 160
|1880= 168
|1890= 161
|1900= 149
|1910= 127
|1920= 129
|1930= 144
|1940= 140
|1950= 126
|1960= 126
|1970= 124
|1980= 156
|1990= 126
|2000= 93
|2010= 83
|2020= 76
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 93 people, 37 households, and 21 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|388.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.45% of the population.

Of a total 37 households, 27.0% included children under the age of 18, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 43.2% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $34,063 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,127. There were 15.4% of families and 13.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

