==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 361
| 1890 = 388
| 1900 = 404
| 1910 = 408
| 1920 = 368
| 1930 = 395
| 1940 = 467
| 1950 = 554
| 1960 = 645
| 1970 = 768
| 1980 = 991
| 1990 = 1097
| 2000 = 1153
| 2010 = 1922
| 2020 = 1873
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,922 people, 715 households, and 499 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|894.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 773 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 715 households, of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 33.1 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 9.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,153 people, 433 households, and 313 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|840.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 438 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.95% from two or more races. 0.26% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 433 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,789, and the median income for a family was $54,722. Males had a median income of $37,337 versus $27,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,002. About 2.5% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.

