==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 219
|1910= 268
|1920= 293
|1930= 321
|1940= 236
|1950= 218
|1960= 185
|1970= 137
|1980= 143
|1990= 109
|2000= 127
|2010= 101
|2020= 80
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 101 people, 50 households, and 31 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|315.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 48.3 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 127 people, 54 households, and 38 families residing in the [[village]]. The population density was {{convert|378.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|178.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the village, the population spread was 25.2% of the population under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $44,583. Males had a median income of $24,464 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,512. There were 4.9% of families and 8.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 19.0% of those over 64.

