==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1950 = 81
| 1960 = 87
| 1970 = 83
| 1980 = 72
| 1990 = 35
| 2000 = 54
| 2010 = 63
| 2020 = 65
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 63
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 54 people, 20 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|985.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.74% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.41% from two or more races. 1.85% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 20 households, out of which 45.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 15.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $63,750, and the median income for a family was $63,750. Males had a median income of $63,125 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,535. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

