==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 22
|1910= 136
|1920= 147
|1930= 105
|1940= 162
|1950= 139
|1960= 151
|1970= 119
|1980= 137
|1990= 94
|2000= 81
|2010= 61
|2020= 54
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 61 people, 32 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|217.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.40.

The median age in the city was 56.2 years. 6.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.2% were from 25 to 44; 40.9% were from 45 to 64; and 29.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 81 people, 36 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|292.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 17.3% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 30.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,406, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $30,536 versus $16,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,518. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

