==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 162
|1910= 510
|1920= 589
|1930= 694
|1940= 706
|1950= 778
|1960= 877
|1970= 921
|1980= 1093
|1990= 1037
|2000= 1024
|2010= 978
|2020= 903
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 892
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[census]],<ref name="Census 2020" /> there were 903 people and 456 households living in Beloit. The racial makeup was 94.5% [[White people|White]], 1% [[Hispanic and Latino (ethnic categories)|Hispanic or Latino]] and >1% each [[African Americans|African American]], [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], or some other race, with 7% of the population identifying as two or more races. 0.4% of the population speak a language other than English at home.

Of the families in Beloit, 23.1% were under 18 years of age, the average family size was 2.92 people, and 29.1% were never married. 18% are disabled and 4.2% are living without health insurance.

The median household income was $40,833, 8.8% were living in poverty, and of those living in poverty, 26.6% were male and 73.3% were female.<ref>{{Cite web|title = Beloit village, OH Profile|url = https://data.census.gov/cedsci/all?g=1600000US3905410&tid=ACSDT5Y2019.B17001 
|website = data.census.gov|publisher = U.S. Department of Commerce | access-date = October 24, 2021 }}</ref> 12.8% have a bachelor's degree of higher, 73.6% are enrolled in K-12 education. 6% are under 5, 17.9% are 6-19, 59.2% are 20-64, and 16.8% are 65 or older.  The median age is 40.8. 40.6% are male and 59.3% are female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 978 people, 425 households, and 275 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|998.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 468 housing units at an average density of {{convert|477.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 425 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 43.4 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,024 people, 426 households, and 287 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,332.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 452 housing units at an average density of {{convert|588.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.10% of the population.

There were 426 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 83.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,279, and the median income for a family was $40,096. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $19,615 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,359. About 8.7% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

