==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1900= 617
|1910= 838
|1920= 864
|1930= 891
|1940= 879
|1950= 784
|1960= 803
|1970= 850
|1980= 874
|1990= 791
|2000= 817
|2010= 840
|2020= 840
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}
The Dakota and Dixon county portions of Emerson are part of the [[Sioux City metropolitan area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 840 people, 355 households, and 218 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1787.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|802.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.6% of the population.

There were 355 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 41.6 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46% male and 54% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 817 people, 320 households, and 209 families living in the village.  The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,705.3|PD/sqmi}}. There were 358 housing units at an average density of {{convert|747.2|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.73% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.51% of the population.

There were 329 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36, and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 26.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $27,411, and the median income for a family was $37,639. Males had a median income of $26,618 versus $18,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,062. About 8.5% of the families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

