==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 352
| 1940 = 377
| 1950 = 335
| 1960 = 371
| 1970 = 363
| 1980 = 344
| 1990 = 
| 2000 = 285
| 2010 = 239
|2020= 259
| estyear = 2020
| estimate = 259
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Boones Mill is part of the [[Roanoke metropolitan area|Roanoke Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2020, there were 259 people.

There were 131 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. Of all households, 34.4% were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 91.3 males. For every 100 women age 18 and over, there were 97.4 men.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,688, and the median income for a family was $44,821. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $23,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,795. About 3.8% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.6% of those 65 or over.

