==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 337
|1930= 435
|1940= 407
|1950= 455
|1960= 428
|1970= 516
|1980= 564
|1990= 529
|2000= 531
|2010= 532
|2020= 449
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census}}</ref> of 2000, there were 531 people, 227 households, and 167 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|418.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.88% of the population.

There were 227 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $30,556 versus $20,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,491. About 23.2% of families and 25.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.2% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

