==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 348
|1920= 517
|1930= 644
|1940= 654
|1950= 831
|1960= 752
|1970= 636
|1980= 479
|1990= 361
|2000= 322
|2010= 275
|2020= 292
|estyear=2022
|estimate=282
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 275 people, 144 households, and 70 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|139.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 144 households, of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.4% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 48.1 years. 17.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 322 people, 164 households, and 94 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|163.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 164 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.1% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 35.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,813, and the median income for a family was $34,844. Males had a median income of $23,250 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,023. About 8.2% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

