==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 238
|1920= 150
|1930= 137
|1940= 146
|1950= 178
|1960= 134
|1970= 139
|1980= 121
|1990= 131
|2000= 120
|2010= 81
|2020= 65
|estyear=2022
|estimate=64
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 23, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 81 people, 36 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|426.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.8% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 120 people, 41 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|624.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.50% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.46.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 39.2% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,595. There were no families and 4.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

