==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 321
|1930= 317
|1940= 321
|1950= 477
|1960= 540
|1970= 565
|1980= 1030
|1990= 1094
|2000= 1183
|2010= 1248
|2020= 1202
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,248 people, 450 households, and 308 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|938.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 504 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 450 households, of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.28.

The median age in the city was 32.2 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 22% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,183 people, 454 households, and 319 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|921.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.35% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 454 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,349, and the median income for a family was $29,728. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $21,364 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,052. About 14.8% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 16.8% of those age 65 or over.

