==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 334
|2020= 316
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 316 people, 149 households, and 118 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 239.1 inhabitants per square mile (92.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 345 housing units at an average density of 261.0 per square mile (100.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 99.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.3% of the population.

Of the 149 households, 10.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% were cohabitating couples, 10.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 10.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 20.8% of all households were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 63.9 years. 8.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 13.9% were from 25 and 44; 29.7% were from 45 and 64; and 45.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

