==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 259
|1910= 562
|1920= 649
|1930= 604
|1940= 676
|1950= 669
|1960= 661
|1970= 615
|1980= 647
|1990= 589
|2000= 649
|2010= 743
|2020= 626
|estyear=2022
|estimate=641
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 19, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 19, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 743 people, 294 households, and 167 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|473.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 320 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 294 households, of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.2% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 43.9 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 20.5% were from 45 to 64; and 27.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 649 people, 278 households, and 167 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|446.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 338 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.93% of the population.

There were 278 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $43,083. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,048.  About 8.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 19.5% of those age 65 or over.

