==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 1064
|1950= 679
|1960= 576
|1970= 668
|1980= 805
|1990= 706
|2000= 776
|2010= 732
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=704}}
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Detroit racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4820128&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 24, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|578
|82.1%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|68
|9.66%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|4
|0.57%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0.14%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|3
|0.43%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|27
|3.84%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|23
|3.27%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''704'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 704 people, 283 households, and 192 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 776 people, 315 households, and 217 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|490.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 359 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 78.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.58% of the population.

There were 315 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,250, and the median income for a family was $31,136. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,331. About 20.8% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of those under age 18 and 14.8% of those age 65 or over.

