==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 1250
|2000= 1829
|2010= 2388
|2020= 6064
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 25, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,829 people, 647 households, and 505 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 790.2 people per square mile (305.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 677 housing units at an average density of 292.5/sq mi (113.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.39% of the population. 12.8% were of German, 11.5% Irish, 7.8% American, 7.5% Norwegian, 5.6% English and 5.4% Scottish ancestry.

There were 647 households, out of which 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.9% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 30.1% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,090, and the median income for a family was $44,777. Males had a median income of $40,676 versus $26,518 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,912. About 6.2% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

