==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 514
|1920= 679
|1930= 567
|1940= 783
|1950= 854
|1960= 824
|1970= 717
|1980= 724
|1990= 692
|2000= 745
|2010= 708
|2020= 662
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="MT">{{cite web|url=http://ceic.mt.gov/Population/PopulationProjections.aspx|title=Census & Economic Information Center|access-date=July 3, 2015|archive-date=July 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150704224618/http://ceic.mt.gov/Population/PopulationProjections.aspx|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 708 people, 315 households, and 195 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|885.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 347 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 315 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the town was 45.7 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 745 people, 313 households, and 200 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,175.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 345 housing units at an average density of {{convert|544.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.62% of the population.

There were 313 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,103, and the median income for a family was $32,981. Males had a median income of $24,063 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,060. About 10.7% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.

