==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1840= 388
|1850= 1638
|1860= 6480
|1870= 5824
|1880= 5560
|1890= 4726
|1900= 4639
|1910= 4023
|1920= 4294
|1930= 3563
|1940= 3581
|1950= 3656
|1960= 3345
|1970= 2672
|1980= 2728
|1990= 2259
|2000= 1966
|2010= 1852
|2020= 1573
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2013-01-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,852 people, 757 households, and 483 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|569.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 933 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 757 households, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 35.2 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,966 people, 835 households, and 516 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|607.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,041 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 835 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.3% were married couples living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the village was $19,971, and the median income for a family was $22,406. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $20,093 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,305. About 35.4% of families and 39.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 61.8% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.

