==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 513
|1890= 526
|1900= 565
|1910= 608
|1920= 606
|1930= 553
|1940= 527
|1950= 570
|1960= 472
|1970= 419
|1980= 396
|1990= 424
|2000= 325
|2010= 399
|2020= 431
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 325 people, 156 households, and 92 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 167.0 people per square mile (64.4/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 178 housing units at an average density of 91.5/sq&nbsp;mi (35.2/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 99.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 156 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,021, and the median income for a family was $32,708. Males had a median income of $28,056 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,705.  About 6.5% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under age 18 and 2.1% of those age 65 or over.

