==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 58
|1890= 368
|1900= 467
|1910= 462
|1920= 509
|1930= 549
|1940= 488
|1950= 493
|1960= 437
|1970= 520
|1980= 676
|1990= 723
|2000= 728
|2010= 640
|2020= 613
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 640 people, 262 households and 146 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|627.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 326 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 262 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.3% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 47.9 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 30.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 728 people, 301 households and 168 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|712.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|348.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.34% of the population.

There were 301 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.89.

22.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 29.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $19,438 and the median family income was $28,854. Males had a median income of $23,125 and females $17,135. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,968. About 15.5% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 24.7% of those age 65 or over.

