==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 128
|1940= 132
|1950= 135
|1960= 172
|1970= 115
|1980= 139
|1990= 166
|2000= 184
|2010= 163
|2020= 179
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 163 people, 81 households, and 44 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|776.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|428.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.8% of the population.

There were 81 households, of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.7% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 46.1 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 184 people, 79 households, and 50 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,007.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|470.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.80% of the population.

Of the 79 households, 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were individuals, and 26.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was 28.3% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 13.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,750, and the median income for a family was $35,938. Males had a median income of $25,357 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,757. About 16.3% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.0% of those 65 or over.

