==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 283
|2000= 273
|2010= 205
|2020= 223
|estyear=2022
|estimate=223
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 205 people, 103 households, and 67 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|151.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 103 households, of which 11.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.40.

The median age in the city was 56.2 years. 9.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 48.7% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 273 people, 108 households, and 84 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|195.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.73% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.73% from two or more races.

There were 108 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.3% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 31.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $48,333, and the median income for a family was $52,250. Males had a median income of $50,972 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,970. None of the families and 3.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.7% of those over 64.

