==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 74
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 74 people, 29 households, and 5 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|556.39|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|390.98|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. None of the population was [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 29 households, out of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 17.24% were married couples living together, 0.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 82.76% were non-families. 82.76% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.20 and the average family size was 1.55.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 24.4% under the age of 18, none from 18 to 24, 11.1% from 25 to 44, 64.5% from 45 to 64, and none who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 59.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 12.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 17.2 males.

