==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 244
| 1920 = 242
| 1930 = 275
| 1940 = 198
| 1950 = 176
| 1960 = 167
| 1970 = 142
| 1980 = 112
| 1990 = 120
| 2000 = 97
| 2010 = 100
| 2020 = 65
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 62
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 97 people, 44 households, and 31 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|54.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 44 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,790. There were no families and 8.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 41.2% of those over 64.

