==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 164
|2000= 116
|2010= 17
|2020= 2
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|website=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Whitestone Logging Camp first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 116 people, 36 households and 28 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|11.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.24% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.59% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.86% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 4.31% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, of which 52.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were married couples living together, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.57.

33.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 0.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 146.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 165.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $60,625 and the median family income was $64,375. Males had a median income of $72,083 compared with $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,810. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

