==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 107
|1960= 229
|1970= 449
|1980= 464
|1990= 378
|2000= 330
|2010= 313
|2020= 306
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 313 people, 161 households, and 93 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|894.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 340 housing units at an average density of {{convert|971.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 161 households, of which 11.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the town was 57.8 years. 10.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.5% were from 25 to 44; 47.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 330 people, 162 households, and 99 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|954.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 339 housing units at an average density of {{convert|980.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.21% of the population.

There were 162 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.8% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $64,750. Males had a median income of $42,333 versus $30,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $30,633. None of the families and 2.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 4.9% of those over 64.

