==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 64
|1990= 1443
|2000= 1875
|2010= 2094
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=2227}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''St. Hedwig racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4864172&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 24, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|1,529
|68.66%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|42
|1.89%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|2
|0.09%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|8
|0.36%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|0.04%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|81
|3.64%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|564
|25.33%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''2,227'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,227 people, 790 households, and 573 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===

{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Largest ancestries (2000) !! Percent
|-
| [[German Americans|German]] {{flagicon|GER}} || 34.2%
|-
| [[Polish Americans|Polish]] {{flagicon|Poland}} || 28.9%
|-
| [[Irish Americans|Irish]] {{flagicon|Ireland}} || 11.5%
|-
| [[English Americans|English]] {{flagicon|England}} || 4.7%
|-
| [[American (ethnicity)|American]] {{flagicon|United States}} || 4.6%
|-
| [[Czech American|Czech]] {{flagicon|Czech Republic}} || 2.3%
|}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,875 people, 653 households, and 543 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|62.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 687 housing units at an average density of 22.8 per square mile (8.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.88% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.35% of the population.

There were 653 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 13.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $55,481, and the median income for a family was $58,603. Males had a median income of $34,615 versus $27,700 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,477. About 4.1% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.

