==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 147
|1940= 147
|1950= 92
|1960= 69
|1970= 41
|1980= 35
|1990= 13
|2000= 35
|2010= 24
|2020= 24
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 24 people, 11 households, and 7 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|480.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.2% from two or more races.

There were 11 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 46 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.4% were from 25 to 44; 37.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 35 people, 13 households, and 6 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|729.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|416.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. Every resident is [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.8% were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 37.1% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 11.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 144.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,326. There were no families and 2.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

