==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 1328
|1890= 2509
|1900= 4106
|1910= 5369
|1920= 5402
|1930= 5824
|1940= 5687
|1950= 6050
|1960= 5766
|1970= 5425
|1980= 5006
|1990= 5383
|2000= 5319
|2010= 5273
|2020= 5187
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,319 people, 2,105 households, and 1,420 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,453.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,249 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,460.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

The plurality of Bangor residents are of [[Germans|German]], [[Welsh people|Welsh]], and [[Pennsylvania Dutch]] descent.

There were 2,105 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no male householder present, and 32.5% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 91.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males. The median income for a household in the borough was $36,382, and the median income for a family was $44,954. Males had a median income of $36,972 versus $21,414 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,742. About 8.5% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

