==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 425
|1990= 444
|2000= 393
|2010= 426
|2020= 455
|estyear=2022
|estimate=461
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 393 people, 159 households, and 100 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|645.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.76% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.52% of the population.

There were 159 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $30,227. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,589. About 14.7% of families and 25.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.7% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

