==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 399
|1980= 774
|1990= 752
|2000= 669
|2010= 774
|2020= 719
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 719<ref>Historical population Census	Pop.	Note	%±
1970	399		—
1980	774		94.0%
1990	752		−2.8%
2000	669		−11.0%
2010	774		15.7%
2020	719		−7.1%
U.S. Decennial Census[5]</ref> people, 246 households, and 201 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1357.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|463.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 246 households, of which 49.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.3% were non-families. 13.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.15 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the city was 32.2 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 5.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 669 people, 217 households, and 182 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,190.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|412.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 217 households, out of which 43.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.1% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,447, and the median income for a family was $43,438. Males had a median income of $30,694 versus $19,514 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,928. About 9.3% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

