==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 183
|1910= 252
|1920= 226
|1930= 338
|1940= 346
|1950= 359
|1960= 302
|1970= 286
|1980= 89
|1990= 67
|2000= 77
|2010= 70
|2020= 64
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{Failed verification|date=April 2022|reason=No mention of Clinchport at this URL}} 2020<ref name="Census2020"/>
}}

{{update|section|date=April 2022|reason=Newer information is available from the 2010 and 2020 census reports}}

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 77 people, 31 households and 19 families living in the town. The population density was 113.6 per square mile (43.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 38 housing units at an average density of 56.1 per square mile (21.6/km<sup>2</sup>).  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 98.70% White, and Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.30%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 31 households 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were married couples living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 32.3% of households were one person and 6.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.16.

The age distribution was 26.0% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 33.8% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% 65 or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.0 males.

The median household income for a household in the town was $31,875, and the median family income was $36,250. Males had a median income of $21,500 versus $11,250 for females. The per capita income for the town was $10,485. About 8.7% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under 18 and none of those over 64.

According to the 2020 U.S. Census, Clinchport had a population of 64 residents, making it one of the smallest incorporated towns in Virginia by population. The town’s small size has persisted into the early 2020s, with 2023 estimates showing a slight decline to around 62–61 residents and a median age of approximately 29.6 years. The estimated median household income was about $43,333.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Clinchport, VA {{!}} Data USA |url=https://datausa.io/profile/geo/clinchport-va |access-date=2026-01-09 |website=datausa.io |language=en}}</ref>

According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s 2024 estimates, Clinchport is estimated to have 62 residents. This figure comes from the Census Bureau’s Population Estimates Program (PEP), which provides updated annual population estimates between the official census counts.<ref>{{Cite web |last=Bureau |first=US Census |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |access-date=2026-01-16 |website=Census.gov |language=en}}</ref>

