==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = center
| 1970 = 121
| 1980 = 111
| 1990 = 101
| 2000 = 105
| 2010 = 136
| 2020 = 99
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Powell, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Powell%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 23, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 105 people, 38 households, and 31 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|62.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of 22.7 per square mile (8.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 88.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.48% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.4% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,611. There were 10.3% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.3% of those over 64.

