==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 70
| 2010 = 74
| 2020 = 54
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 70 people, 25 households, and 20 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|219.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 22.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 11.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 84.29% of the population. Besides these populations, approximately 2,000 agricultural workers live in the Vantage area, and approximately 72.8% of are migratory.

There were 25 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 15.7% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,605.

