==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1840= 74
|1850= 122
|1870= 157
|1880= 130
|1890= 268
|1900= 367
|1910= 303
|1920= 273
|1930= 279
|1940= 307
|1950= 308
|1960= 374
|1970= 319
|1980= 342
|1990= 337
|2000= 313
|2010= 328
|2020= 396
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 328 people, 119 households, and 98 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1261.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|492.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 119 households, of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.6% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 34.5 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 313 people, 113 households, and 91 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,257.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|466.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.15% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 43.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.6% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median household income in the village was $48,750, while the median family income was $55,625. Males had a median income of $42,188 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,061. About 1.1% of families and 1.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

