==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910=  405
|1920=  340
|1930=  373
|1940=  402
|1950=  423
|1960=  561
|1970=  586
|1980=  837
|1990=  992
|2000= 1037
|2010= 1115
|2020= 1101
| estimate=1109
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref>
|footnote=Population sources:<small> 1910–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popatl_04.htm Population Data for Atlantic County Municipalities, 1840 - 2000], WestJersey.org. December 6, 2010. Accessed November 19, 2013.</ref><br>1910–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed October 24, 2013.</ref> 1910<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA335 ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 335. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref> 1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA714 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 714. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400160600 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Port Republic city, Atlantic County, New Jersey], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_atl/portrepublic1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Port Republic city], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,115 people, 415 households, and 320 families in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|149.0|/sqmi}}. There were 444 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.3|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 95.78% (1,068) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.63% (7) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.45% (5) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.90% (10) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.72% (8) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.52% (17) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2.96% (33) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 415 households, 28.9% had children under the age of 18; 65.8% were married couples living together; 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present and 22.9% were non-families. Of all households, 18.3% were made up of individuals and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.03.<ref name=Census2010/>

22.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 39.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.1 years. For every 100 females, the population had 92.6 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 89.7 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $77,063 (with a margin of error of +/− $5,800) and the median family income was $89,375 (+/− $15,052). Males had a median income of $61,786 (+/− $11,982) versus $38,000 (+/− $4,481) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $36,408 (+/− $4,232). About 2.4% of families and 2.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400160600 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Port Republic city, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212084759/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400160600 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 18, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,037 people, 365 households, and 289 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|136.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 389 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.64% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.68% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. 1.06% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.
<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603460600.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Port Republic city, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170111101806/https://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603460600.pdf |date=2017-01-11 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 18, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400160600 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Port Republic city, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212085358/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400160600 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 18, 2012.</ref>

There were 365 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.17.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the city the age distribution of the population shows 24.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the city was $65,833, and the median income for a family was $70,714. Males had a median income of $42,833 versus $34,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $24,369. 3.5% of the population and 3.2% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none of those under the age of 18 and 13.2% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

