==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1930= 900
|1940= 903
|1950= 525
|1960= 468
|1970= 369
|1980= 459
|1990= 261
|2000= 257
|2010= 156
|2020= 212
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 257 people, 112 households, and 73 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|657.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|322.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.33% from two or more races.

There were 112 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,083, and the median income for a family was $16,563. Males had a median income of $17,500 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,151. About 47.6% of families and 44.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.6% of those 65 or over.

