==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 449
|1930= 518
|1940= 472
|1950= 430
|1960= 361
|1970= 235
|1980= 214
|1990= 193
|2000= 129
|2010= 110
|2020= 115
|estyear=2022
|estimate=106
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=May 25, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 110 people, 63 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|379.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 63 households, of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 57.1% were non-families. 47.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the city was 52.6 years. 12.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.5% were from 25 to 44; 46.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 129 people, 63 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|464.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|367.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 63 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 41.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,167, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,052. There were 19.4% of families and 13.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of under eighteens and 12.8% of those over 64.

