==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 134
|1930= 231
|1940= 213
|1950= 210
|1960= 187
|1970= 226
|1980= 214
|1990= 247
|2000= 206
|2010= 221
|2020= 256
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 221 people, 85 households, and 49 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|712.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|312.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 85 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.45.

The median age in the city was 34.3 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 206 people, 85 households, and 56 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|686.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.46% from two or more races.

There were 85 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,083, and the median income for a family was $42,188. Males had a median income of $31,406 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,460. About 3.5% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty 
line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 17.4% of those 65 or over.

