==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 165
|1890= 429
|1900= 343
|1910= 502
|1920= 471
|1930= 518
|1940= 612
|1950= 835
|1960= 835
|1970= 612
|1980= 674
|1990= 821
|2000= 1107
|2010= 1208
|2020= 902
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,208 people, 404 households, and 190 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|958.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 478 housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 62.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 404 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.0% were non-families. 49.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.5% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 1,107 people, 397 households, and 183 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|873.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 479 housing units at an average density of {{convert|377.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 59.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.71% of the population.

There were 397 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.9% were non-families. 49.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $15,550, and the median income for a family was $22,857. Males had a median income of $26,042 versus $21,364 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,619.  About 32.0% of families and 35.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.7% of those under age 18 and 21.1% of those age 65 or over.

