==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 315
|1890= 362
|1900= 421
|1910= 364
|1920= 435
|1930= 371
|1940= 470
|1950= 450
|1960= 378
|1970= 343
|1980= 353
|1990= 388
|2000= 598
|2010= 489
|2020= 512
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 489 people, 185 households, and 127 families residing in the village.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=1600000US1737933&y=2010&d=DEC+Summary+File+1&tid=DECENNIALSF12010.P18| title=P18. Household Type: Iuka village, Illinois (2010 DEC Summary File 1)| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| access-date=February 24, 2023}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|619.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 185 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.4% under the age of 19, 5.7% from 20 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

