==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 332
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 176 people, 63 households, and 45 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|288.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 63 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,813, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,042. About 11.1% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.1% of those sixty five or over.

