==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 232
|1930= 193
|1940= 209
|1950= 172
|1960= 114
|1970= 97
|1980= 119
|1990= 88
|2000= 89
|2010= 88
|2020= 90
|estyear=2022
|estimate=88
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-villages-and-towns.html |date=April 5, 2024|title=Village and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 5, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (village)" />
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 88 people, 36 households, and 25 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|87.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 36 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 37.7 years. 27.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 89 people, 36 households, and 25 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|88.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 1.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 36 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 27.8% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 21.3% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 140.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 146.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,796. There were 13.0% of families and 8.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

