==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1584
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
According to the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,356 people, 538 households, and 373 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|369.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 582 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race comprised  0.44% of the population.

There were 538 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 36.4% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,813, and the median income for a family was $42,067. Males had a median income of $35,859 versus $24,844 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,485. About 6.5% of families and 7.0% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age of 18 and none of those aged 65 or over.

