==Demographics==
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 4,903 people, 2,125 households, and 1,411 families living in the CDP.

The population density was {{convert|1,902.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|855.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 96.15% White, 1.51% African American, 0.12% Native American, 1.20% Asian, 0.14% from other races, and 0.88% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.31%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 2,125 households documented by the federal census, 26.7% had children who were under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 28.4% of households were one-person households and 10.1% were one-person households with residents who were aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.77.

The age distribution was 21.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% 65 or older. The median age was 41 years.

For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females who were aged 18 and older, there were 89.2 males.

The median household income was $49,240 and the median family income was $57,344. Males had a median income of $41,436 compared with that of $31,587 for females.

The per capita income for the CDP was $24,564.

Approximately 3.5% of families and 5.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those who were under the age of 18 and 6.3% of those who were aged 65 or older.

