==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1816
|1900= 2291
|1910= 2907
|1920= 2898
|1930= 2919
|1940= 3365
|1950= 3534
|1960= 3348
|1970= 3419
|1980= 3527
|1990= 3328
|2000= 3770
|2010= 3397
|2020= 3441
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 3,397 people, 1,480 households and 875 families in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|437.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 1,742 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1% of the population.

There were 1,480 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age was 44.8 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 3,770 people, 1,527 households and 957 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 506.8 per square mile (195.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,696 housing units at an average density of 228 per square mile (88/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 97.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. 0.77% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,527 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.99.

25.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 7% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87 males.

The [[median household income]] was $33,986 and the median family income was $42,333. Males had a median income of $36,042 and females $20,625. The [[per capita income]] was $17,277. About 7.1% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

