==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 216
|1880= 282
|1890= 267
|1900= 271
|1910= 238
|1920= 193
|1930= 178
|1940= 209
|1950= 211
|1960= 214
|1970= 195
|1980= 178
|1990= 153
|2000= 137
|2010= 162
|2020= 199
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 162 people, 62 households, and 44 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|952.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 62 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.0% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the town was 33.9 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 18.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 137 people, 53 households, and 36 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|997.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.16.

The age distribution of the town was 27.0% under 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $23,523 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,208. There were 8.6% of families and 10.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 31.1% of those over 64.

