==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 247
|2010= 192
|2020= 318
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR2"/><ref>{{Cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=&g=1600000US3560000&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P1| title=P1. Race – Pueblo Pintado CDP, New Mexico: 2010 DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171)| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| access-date=December 11, 2024}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 247 people in 72 households, including 52 families, in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|23.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|10.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 90.69% Native American, 9.31% White and Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.40%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 72 households, 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were married couples living together, 27.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 25.0% of households were one person and 2.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.43 and the average family size was 4.25.

The age distribution was 41.3% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 16.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% 65 or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median household income was $14,583 and the median family income was $18,750. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $7,760. About 50.0% of families and 64.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 89.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 66.7% of those sixty five or over.

