==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 516
|2020= 503
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 572 people, 259 households, and 160 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|466.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 882 housing units at an average density of {{convert|720.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 259 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,988, and the median income for a family was $43,472. Males had a median income of $30,962 versus $25,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,263. About 5.0% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

