==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1940|103
|1950|219
|1960|306
|1970|353
|1980|589
|1990|522
|2000|484
|2010|596
|2020|700
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 700 people, 253 households, and 194 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 3,206.7 inhabitants per square mile (1,238.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 287 housing units at an average density of 1,314.7 per square mile (507.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 60.3% [[White Americans|White]], 2.3% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 6.7% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 3.7% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 16.1% from other races and 10.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 38.1% of the population.

Of the 253 households, 32.4% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% were cohabitating couples, 20.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 13.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 23.3% of all households were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 28.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 and 44; 27.0% were from 45 and 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 596 people, 215 households, and 153 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3311.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1294.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 76.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 10.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 32.0% of the population.

There were 215 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the city was 34.3 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 484 people, 184 households, and 126 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,662.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,160.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 79.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 9.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.21% of the population.

There were 184 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,135, and the median income for a family was $43,281. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $19,342 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,724. About 4.2% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 4.5% of those age 65 or over.

