==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 102
|1900= 357
|1910= 336
|1920= 345
|1930= 338
|1940= 379
|1950= 316
|1960= 446
|1970= 574
|1980= 819
|1990= 874
|2000= 1026
|2010= 1190
|2020= 1144
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $25,595, and the median income for a family was $35,217. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,803. About 6.1% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,190 people, 478 households, and 298 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1252.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 524 housing units at an average density of {{convert|551.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 478 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 41.1 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.4% male and 55.6% female.

