==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 114
|1930= 89
|1940= 79
|1950= 59
|1960= 62
|1970= 35
|1980= 21
|1990= 26
|2000= 17
|2010= 12
|2020= 9
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 17 people, 8 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|38.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 12.5% were non-families. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.29.

In the city the population was spread out, with 11.8% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 52.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 72 years. For every 100 females, there were 142.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $10,000, and the median income for a family was $9,250. The 2000 Census reported none of the population was part of the year-round workforce, with the bulk of the population receiving [[Social Security (United States)|Social Security]] income or some sort of [[public assistance]].<ref name=social>{{cite American Factfinder|ND|city|3845220|name=Larson, North Dakota|accessdate=2010-05-25}}</ref> The [[per capita income]] for the city was $7,263. Below the [[poverty line]] were 56.7% of people, 61.5% of families, 100.0% of those under 18 and 27.8% of those over 64.
{{clear left}}

