==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 485
| 1920 = 498
| 1930 = 585
| 1940 = 548
| 1950 = 551
| 1960 = 507
| 1970 = 399
| 1980 = 404
| 1990 = 291
| 2000 = 236
| 2010 = 232
| 2020 = 257
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/ |access-date=January 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 236 people, 133 households, and 69 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|922.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|879.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 93.22% White, 2.54% African American, 0.42% Native American, 1.69% from other races, and 2.12% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.69%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 133 households 9.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.1% were non-families. 42.9% of households were one person and 25.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.32.

The age distribution was 7.6% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 33.1% from 45 to 64, and 35.2% 65 or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median household income was $36,625 and the median family income was $39,063. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $21,563 for females. The per capita income for the town was $21,680. About 2.9% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 7.0% of those sixty-five or over.
{{clear|left}}

