==Demographics==
The city reached its peak of population in 1940. After that numerous African-American residents left the city and county. Many moved to California and the West Coast during World War II and after, attracted by jobs in the buildup of the defense industries and seeking to escape southern oppression and violence. In addition, mechanization of agriculture had made much farm labor unneeded. African Americans moving from Sumner were part of the [[Great Migration (African American)|Great Migration]], by which some 5 million blacks moved out of the Deep South from 1940 to 1970. Rural populations have continued to decline in many areas.

{{US Census population
|1910= 364
|1920= 613
|1930= 618
|1940= 662
|1950= 550
|1960= 551
|1970= 533
|1980= 452
|1990= 368
|2000= 407
|2010= 316
|2020= 278
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 407 people, 148 households, and 105 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|726.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 57.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 39.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $35,208. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,056. About 25.2% of families and 37.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.9% of those under age 18 and 29.7% of those age 65 or over.

