==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 153
| 1940 = 152
| 1950 = 140
| 1960 = 100
| 1970 = 119
| 1980 = 102
| 1990 = 102
| 2000 = 72
| 2010 = 93
| 2020 = 101
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov" /> of 2020, there were 101 people and 44 households, and 28 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|142.25|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]],  2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.0% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 17.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.4% were non-families. The average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 47.5 years. 14.1% of residents were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

The median income was $53,750 with 19.2% of residents in poverty.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 93 people, 34 households, and 21 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|131.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 81.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 10.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.2% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 36.2 years. 28% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 72 people, 26 households, and 19 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 141.8 people per square mile (54.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 35 housing units at an average density of 68.9 per square mile (26.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 87.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.17% from two or more races.

There were 26 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $19,583 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,742. There were 15.4% of families and 30.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

