==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1025
|1920= 1300
|1930= 472
|1940= 529
|1950= 449
|1960= 445
|1970= 379
|1980= 424
|1990= 391
|2000= 491
|2010= 555
|2020= 519
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 491 people, 192 households, and 139 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|604.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.68% of the population.

There were 192 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.08. In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the village was $45,208, and the median income for a family was $50,417. Males had a median income of $39,000 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,912. About 6.9% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

