==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 902
|1910= 548
|1920= 354
|1930= 271
|1940= 268
|1950= 285
|1960= 221
|1970= 203
|1980= 232
|1990= 235
|2000= 250
|2010= 220
|2020= 167
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 220 people, 84 households, and 53 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|431.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 42 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 250 people, 98 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|486.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.20% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,958, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $17,031 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,942. About 26.2% of families and 24.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 36.6% of those 65 or over.

