==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 153
|1930= 237
|1940= 233
|1950= 207
|1960= 266
|1970= 244
|1980= 259
|1990= 209
|2000= 201
|2010= 222
|2020= 197
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=November 13, 2012}}</ref> there were 222 people, 98 households and 66 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|308.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 98 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age was 51.2 years. 20.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 34.3% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 201 people, 85 households and 61 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|260.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 85 households, of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.77.

16.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $37,000 and the median family income was $42,125. Males had a median income of $31,923 versus $21,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,539. None of the families and 2.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.1% of those over 64.

