==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1910= 794
|1920= 413
|1930= 300
|1940= 257
|1950= 318
|1960= 292
|1970= 303
|1980= 364
|1990= 283
|2000= 359
|2010= 244
|2020= 309
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 244 people, 94 households, and 64 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|249.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 359 people, 131 households, and 91 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|403.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 131 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,813, and the median income for a family was $26,500. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,612.  About 14.4% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.6% of those under age 18 and 2.3% of those age 65 or over.

