==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 327
|1930= 486
|1940= 417
|1950= 544
|1960= 507
|1970= 580
|1980= 727
|1990= 595
|2000= 550
|2010= 691
|2020= 672
|estyear=2021
|estimate=645
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 691 people, 303 households, and 150 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|645.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 334 housing units at an average density of {{convert|312.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 303 households, of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.5% were non-families. 44.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the town was 53.6 years. 14.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 31.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.1% male and 55.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 550 people, 285 households, and 139 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|507.3|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|299.7|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.18% from two or more races.

There were 285 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.2% were non-families. Of all households, 48.1% were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,369, and the median income for a family was $26,397. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,469. About 13.1% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

The population of the [[ZIP Code Tabulation Area|zip code tabulation area]] for 25053, which includes Danville, was 3,376 in 2,000.  It was estimated at 3,301 in 2008.<ref>city-data.com</ref>

