==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 162
| 1920 = 233
| 1930 = 267
| 1940 = 323
| 1950 = 384
| 1960 = 383
| 1970 = 358
| 1980 = 310
| 1990 = 258
| 2000 = 251
| 2010 = 223
| 2020 = 194
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 181
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br />2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 223 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 99.6% White and 0.4% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 251 people, 115 households, and 73 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|108.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.64% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 7.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. 7.97% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 115 households, out of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,607, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,762. About 10.6% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.0% of those 65 or over.

