==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 142
|1910= 162
|1920= 188
|1930= 179
|1940= 172
|1950= 160
|1960= 118
|1970= 120
|1980= 231
|1990= 237
|2000= 281
|2010= 242
|2020= 218
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 242 people, 95 households, and 62 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|424.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 281 people, 102 households, and 69 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|480.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.07% from two or more races.

There were 102 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,821, and the median income for a family was $34,545. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $21,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,670. About 15.0% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.0% of those over the age of sixty five.

