==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1800= 143
|1810= 225
|1830= 687
|1840= 786
|1850= 588
|1860= 693
|1870= 960
|1880= 1282
|1890= 1447
|1900= 1718
|1910= 1787
|1920= 1829
|1930= 1675
|1940= 1701
|1950= 1599
|1960= 1458
|1970= 1434
|1980= 1455
|1990= 1336
|2000= 1204
|2010= 1190
|2020= 1096
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2005, there were 1,204 people, 534 households, and 330 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|990.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 605 housing units at an average density of {{convert|497.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 534 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,333, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,450. About 15.4% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 18.5% of those age 65 or over.

