==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 837
|1920= 836
|1930= 870
|1940= 1017
|1950= 1170
|1960= 1330
|1970= 1241
|1980= 1101
|1990= 968
|2000= 1049
|2010= 1084
|2020= 1086
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1064
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,084 people, 452 households and 277 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1306.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 493 housing units at an average density of {{convert|594.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 452 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.92.

The average age in the city was 42.7 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,049 people, 436 households, and 275 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,359.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 483 housing units at an average density of {{convert|626.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 436 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,738, and the median income for a family was $36,477. Males had a median income of $26,726 versus $17,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,267. About 7.8% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 17.3% of those age 65 or over.

