==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 77
| 1980 = 88
| 1990 = 32
| 2000 = 61
| 2010 = 64
| 2020 = 57
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 57
| estref = {{same}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 61 people, 21 households, and 17 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 196.3/km{{sup|2}} (506.0/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 26 housing units at an average density of 83.7/km{{sup|2}} (215.7/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.44% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.92% from two or more races. 1.64% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 21 households, out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 14.3% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,500, and the median income for a family was $44,000. Males had a median income of $16,875 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,597. There were no families and 3.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

