==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 229
|1840= 112
|1880= 116
|1890= 113
|1900= 234
|1910= 313
|1920= 294
|1930= 359
|1940= 451
|1950= 447
|1960= 473
|1970= 542
|1980= 674
|1990= 897
|2000= 921
|2010= 836
|2020= 875
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 921 people, 387 households, and 229 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|581.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 421 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 387 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,370, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $26,125 versus $14,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,711. About 30.8% of families and 32.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.2% of those under age 18 and 24.5% of those age 65 or over.

===Plain community===

There is a [[Plain people|Plain]], horse and buggy community with about 40 to 50 people in Peace Valley, Brownsville. It is closely affiliated with Caneyville.

