==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|2010= 220
|2020= 178
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Swall Meadows first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Swall Meadows had a population of 178. The population density was {{convert|39.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Swall Meadows was 152 (85.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 3 (1.7%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (1.7%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.6%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], and 19 (10.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 12 persons (6.7%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Swall Meadows CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0677430 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 94 households, out of which 11 (11.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 56 (59.6%) were married-couple households, 1 (1.1%) were [[cohabiting]] couple households, 7 (7.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 30 (31.9%) had a male householder with no partner present. 29 households (30.9%) were one person, and 12 (12.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.89.<ref name=DP1/> There were 62 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (66.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Swall Meadows CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0677430 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 11 people (6.2%) under the age of 18, 7 people (3.9%) aged 18 to 24, 29 people (16.3%) aged 25 to 44, 70 people (39.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 61 people (34.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 63.1{{nbsp}}years. There were 94 males and 84 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 94 (73.4%) were occupied. Of these, 79 (84.0%) were owner-occupied, and 15 (16.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

