==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 194
|1920= 238
|1930= 279
|1940= 348
|1950= 385
|1960= 350
|1970= 270
|1980= 287
|1990= 221
|2000= 194
|2010= 101
|2020= 94
|estyear=2022
|estimate=89
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/> of 2020, there were 94 people, 87 households, and 75 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 101 people, 63 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|459.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|468.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 63 households, of which 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 63.5% were non-families. 61.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.60 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 52.3 years. 9.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 29.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 194 people, 89 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|897.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|536.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.52% from two or more races. 24.5% were of [[German Americans|German]], 15.7% [[Finnish Americans|Finnish]], 13.8% [[Swedish Americans|Swedish]], 10.1% [[American ancestry|American]], 8.8% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 8.2% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]], 5.0% [[English Americans|English]] and 5.0% [[Scotch-Irish American|Scotch-Irish]] ancestry.

There were 89 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 14.4% from 45 to 64, and 29.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,886, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,116. About 2.3% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

