==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 163
| 1890 = 653
| 1900 = 634
| 1910 = 450
| 1920 = 504
| 1930 = 508
| 1940 = 556
| 1950 = 636
| 1960 = 661
| 1970 = 708
| 1980 = 810
| 1990 = 838
| 2000 = 866
| 2010 = 874
| 2020 = 813
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 874 people, 338 households, and 238 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|443.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|191.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 338 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 36 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 866 people, 331 households, and 238 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 432.9 people per square mile (167.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 351 housing units at an average density of 175.5 per square mile (67.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.23% of the population.

There were 331 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,750, and the median income for a family was $41,964. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,257. About 2.2% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

