==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 1348
|1870= 1367
|1880= 1617
|1890= 1387
|1900= 1601
|1910= 1614
|1920= 1625
|1930= 1411
|1940= 1447
|1950= 1314
|1960= 1361
|1970= 1402
|1980= 1256
|1990= 1364
|2000= 1197
|2010= 1386
|2020= 1370
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 19, 2015|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010,  1,386 people, 593 households, and 356 families were residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,622.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 663 housing units averaged 1,254.5 per square mile (484.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the village was 96.4% White, 1.2% African American, 0.9% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 3.3% of the population.

Of the 593 households, 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.8% were married couples living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40% were not families. About 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31, and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was distributed as 25.1% under the age of 20, 22.7% from 20 to 34, 22.2% from 35 to 49, 16.6% from 50 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.1 years.

According to the 2009-2013 American Community Survey Five-year Estimates,<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 19, 2015}}</ref> the median income for a household in the village was $55,284, and the median income for a family was $67,768. Males had a median income of $50,625 versus $32,629 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,157. About 7.8% of families and 12% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 18.9% of those age 65 or over.

In the March 25, 1990, issue of ''[[The New York Times]]'', writer [[James Howard Kunstler]] published a piece entitled "Schuylerville Stands Still". He portrayed Schuylerville as an example of rural "rot and disrepair", citing unemployment, broken sidewalks, and dented cans at Mini Mart, a local mini market. Residents reacted negatively to his feature.{{citation needed|date=December 2017}} Kunstler also used Schuylerville as an example of a town in decline in a chapter titled "The loss of community" in his 1993 book, ''[[The Geography of Nowhere]]''.

