==Demographics==
As of the 2010 [[census]] and 2013-2017 American Community Survey,<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|language=en|access-date=2019-03-31}}</ref> there were 1,780 people, 764 households, and 453 families residing in the CDP. There were 757 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.2% of the population.

There were 764 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 35.9% of all households had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,964, and the median income for a family was $75,357. Males had a median income of $38,203 versus $30,577 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,715. About 17.1% of families and 23.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.6% of those under age 18 and 27.6% of those age 65 or over.

{{US Census population
|1960= 1016
|1970= 1183
|1980= 1255
|1990= 1445
|2000= 1539
|2010= 1780
|2020= 1751
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

