==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 354
|1930= 279
|1940= 262
|1950= 374
|1960= 364
|1970= 370
|1980= 305
|1990= 299
|2000= 284
|2010= 261
|2020= 207
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 261 people, 110 households, and 69 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|501.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|269.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 110 households, of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the town was 45.3 years. 29.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 284 people, 115 households, and 79 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|547.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.06% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,893, and the median income for a family was $36,429. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,403. About 2.4% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.4% of those 65 or over.

