==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 383
|1920= 570
|1930= 631
|1940= 781
|1950= 900
|1960= 884
|1970= 882
|1980= 917
|1990= 956
|2000= 991
|2010= 1011
|2020= 1020
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1009
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,011 people, 428 households, and 248 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|828.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 464 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 428 households, of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.1% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 46.6 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 21% were from 45 to 64; and 30.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.7% male and 54.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 991 people, 401 households, and 240 families living in the town.  The population density was {{convert|841.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 442 housing units at an average density of {{convert|375.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 99.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.61% of the population.

There were 401 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 29.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,618, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $28,068 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,748.  About 6.0% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

