==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1775
|1890= 1437
|1900= 1300
|1910= 1219
|1920= 1301
|1930= 1246
|1940= 1208
|1950= 1225
|1960= 1237
|1970= 1288
|1980= 1620
|1990= 1487
|2000= 1712
|2010= 1819
|2020= 1785
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census, the total population of Valatie was 1,819.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|1,388.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 627 housing units at an average density of {{convert|508.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.23% of the population.

Valatie's median household income was $60,365 in 2006-2010 and has grown by 36.03% since 2000. The income growth rate is higher than the state average rate of 24.79% and nearly twice the national average rate of 19.17%.  The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,650. About 7.94% of families and 8.68% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

There were 584 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.6 males.

