==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1946
|1930= 2033
|1940= 2266
|1950= 2022
|1960= 2098
|1970= 2347
|1980= 2079
|1990= 1999
|2000= 1880
|2010= 1624
|2020= 1602
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="census.gov">United States Census Bureau, 2020 Results, Niagara city, Wisconsin https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Niagara%20city,%20Marinette%20County,%20Wisconsin</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,624 people, 695 households, and 440 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|590.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 797 housing units at an average density of {{convert|289.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 695 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 41.1 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,880 people, 760 households, and 494 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|686.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 812 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races. 0.74% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 760 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,828, and the median income for a family was $41,711. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $20,820 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,616. About 5.4% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those age 65 or over.

