==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 258
|1930= 308
|1940= 353
|1950= 336
|1960= 314
|1970= 278
|1980= 332
|1990= 284
|2000= 319
|2010= 341
|2020= 356
|estyear=2021
|estimate=363
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 341 people, 159 households, and 104 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|587.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 180 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 159 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 319 people, 142 households, and 95 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|752.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|363.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 142 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,000, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,465.  About 10.5% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 22.9% of those age 65 or over.

