==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|2020= 1019
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 872 people, 371 households, and 244 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|354.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 398 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.6|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 69.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 27.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 51.15% of the population.

There were 371 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,813, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $38,281 versus $21,532 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,553. About 9.2% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.6% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

