==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 179
|1920= 205
|1930= 145
|1940= 319
|1950= 331
|1960= 286
|1970= 169
|1980= 153
|1990= 147
|2000= 110
|2010= 116
|2020= 143
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 116 people, 43 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|232.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 19.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 69.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 11.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 18.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 16.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.79.

The median age in the city was 30.5 years. 32.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 110 people, 48 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|218.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 24.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 70.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.45% from two or more races.

There were 48 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 19.1% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,563, and the median income for a family was $6,563. Males had a median income of $17,083 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $7,619. There were 73.7% of families and 58.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 95.0% of under eighteens and 26.7% of those over 64.

