==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 300
| 1880 = 230
| 1890 = 339
| 1900 = 479
| 1910 = 704
| 1920 = 620
| 1930 = 641
| 1940 = 696
| 1950 = 741
| 1960 = 788
| 1970 = 792
| 1980 = 785
| 1990 = 768
| 2000 = 938
| 2010 = 1059
| 2020 = 1119
| 2020n = <ref name="US Decennial Census ">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Rio%20village,%20Columbia%20County,%20Wisconsin|title=2020 US Census |publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 29, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,059 people, 436 households, and 292 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|840.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 475 housing units at an average density of {{convert|377|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 436 households, of which 36% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 938 people, 379 households, and 258 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 751.4 people per square mile (289.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 401 housing units at an average density of 321.2 per square mile (123.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.71% of the population.

There were 379 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 33% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,292, and the median income for a family was $49,500. Males had a median income of $34,118 versus $26,023 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,668. About 3.1% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

