==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1173
|1920= 910
|1930= 865
|1940= 935
|1950= 889
|1960= 737
|1970= 665
|1980= 601
|1990= 574
|2000= 473
|2010= 446
|2020= 488
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 446 people, 189 households, and 117 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2347.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 214 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1126.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 189 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 43.3 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 473 people, 189 households, and 123 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,500.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,115.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,404, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $22,115 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,318. About 6.2% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

