==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 1207
|2020= 1141
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="Brookfield Ctr Census">{{cite web|title=2010 Census Interactive Population Search|url=https://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=39:3909200|website=United States Census 2010|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 30, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name="Brookfield Ctr Census" /> there were 1,207 people living in 581 households in the [[Census-designated place|CDP]]. The [[population density]] was {{convert|163.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 581 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.8% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.6% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 0.2% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|some other race]], and 0.3% from two or more races.<ref name="Brookfield Ctr Census" />

There were 543 households, of which 20.4% had children under 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.245 and the average family size was 2.74.<ref name="Brookfield Ctr Census" />

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 20, 9.6% from 20 to 29, 8.6% from 30 to 39, 14.5% from 40 to 49, 17.4% from 50 to 59, 15.8% from 60 to 69, 9.0% from 70 to 79, and 7.8% who were over 80 years old. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The mean household income for 2014 in the CDP was $65,021.<ref name="Brookfield Income">{{cite web|title=Mean Household Income 2014|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/14_5YR/DP03/1600000US3909200|accessdate=April 30, 2016|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213053103/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/14_5YR/DP03/1600000US3909200|archive-date=February 13, 2020|url-status=dead}}</ref> The median earnings for male full-time, year-round workers was $47,417 versus $24,514 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,310. About 3.9% of the population was below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="Brookfield Income" />

