==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 171
|1900= 201
|1910= 187
|1920= 217
|1930= 155
|1940= 178
|1950= 208
|1960= 222
|1970= 207
|1980= 162
|1990= 120
|2000= 122
|2010= 112
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 112 people, 50 households, and 29 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1120.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|550.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 50 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.0% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 45.7 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 122 people, 46 households, and 36 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,202.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|522.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.64% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 46 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.6% were non-families. 15.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 125.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,045. There were no families and 4.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

