==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 267
|1920= 269
|1930= 248
|1940= 259
|1950= 206
|1960= 213
|1970= 151
|1980= 122
|1990= 97
|2000= 83
|2010= 58
|2020= 37
|estyear=2022
|estimate=39
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 17, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 17, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 58 people, 32 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|580.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.7% from two or more races.

There were 32 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 48 years. 17.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.9% male and 43.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 83 people, 32 households, and 20 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|819.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, out of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.9% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,387. There were 18.8% of families and 16.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

