==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 850 people, 295 households, and 228 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 713.4 people per square mile (275.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 314 housing units at an average density of 263.6/sq&nbsp;mi (101.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.88% of the population.

There were 295 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 16.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 4.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,120, and the median income for a family was $45,750. Males had a median income of $31,579 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,507. About 5.7% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

