==Demographics==

{{US Census population
| 2000 = 21
| 2010 = 29
| 2020 = 39
}}

The estimated population of Elbe is 54 as of 2018, almost double the 29 residents counted in the [[2010 U.S. census]]. At the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], the population was reported to be 39 people.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 21 people, 10 households, and 7 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 818.2 people per square mile (270.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 10 housing units at an average density of 389.6/sq&nbsp;mi (128.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 10 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.0% had someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 9.5% from 45 to 64, and 38.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 162.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $13,750, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,863. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

