==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 640
|1900= 1068
|1910= 1927
|1920= 1752
|1930= 1614
|1940= 2011
|1950= 2005
|1960= 1862
|1970= 1414
|1980= 1425
|1990= 1344
|2000= 1161
|2010= 1042
|2020= 959
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,042 people, 487 households, and 262 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1132.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 622 housing units at an average density of {{convert|676.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 487 households, of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 42.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 48.2 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,161 people, 525 households, and 305 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,234.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 640 housing units at an average density of {{convert|680.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.53% of the population.

There were 525 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.9% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,092, and the median income for a family was $32,383. Males had a median income of $26,307 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,032. About 11.2% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.0% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

