==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 107
|1900= 317
|1910= 227
|1920= 229
|1930= 228
|1940= 224
|1950= 300
|1960= 330
|1970= 331
|1980= 322
|1990= 270
|2000= 288
|2010= 315
|2020= 321
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 315 people, 140 households, and 78 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1050.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|493.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 140 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.3% were non-families. Of all households 35.0% were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 36.8 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 288 people, 134 households, and 84 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,052.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|526.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. Of all households 32.8% were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $29,792 versus $26,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,429.  About 5.1% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

