==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 347
| 1890 = 396
| 1900 = 528
| 1910 = 493
| 1920 = 300
| 1930 = 240
| 1940 = 233
| 1950 = 207
| 1960 = 180
| 1970 = 211
| 1980 = 239
| 1990 = 252
| 2000 = 274
| 2010 = 250
| 2020 = 290
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 250 people living in the town. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 99.6% White, and 0.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the population.<ref>{{cite web | title = American FactFinder | url = http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4980970 | archive-url = https://archive.today/20200212164110/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4980970 | url-status = dead | archive-date = February 12, 2020 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | access-date = November 25, 2013}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 274 people, 83 households, and 73 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 543.0 people per square mile ({{#expr: ((1/2.59)*543.0) round 1 }}/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 93 housing units at an average density of 184.3 per square mile ({{#expr: ((1/2.59)*184.4) round 1 }}/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 83 households, out of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.0% were non-families. 12.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.30 and the average family size was 3.56.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 13.1% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $55,313, and the median income for a family was $59,375. Males had a median income of $39,375 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,165. About 5.1% of families and 3.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.8% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

