==Demographics==

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 531 people, 182 households, and 139 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1397.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|521.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 73.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 18.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 29.8% of the population.

There were 182 households, of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.6% were non-families. 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.34.

The median age in the city was 35.5 years. 31.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 458 people, 147 households, and 113 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,160.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 8.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.05% of the population.

There were 147 households, out of which 44.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 3.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.4% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,813, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,801. About 10.4% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.2% of those under age 18 and 28.3% of those age 65 or over.

