==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 353
|1920= 381
|1930= 237
|1940= 206
|1950= 204
|1960= 160
|1970= 181
|1980= 268
|1990= 249
|2000= 268
|2010= 241
|2020= 279
|footnote=U.S. Census<ref>
{{Citation
|title =Census of Population and Housing
|publisher =U.S. Census Bureau
|url =https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
|access-date =December 6, 2017}}
</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 268 people, 114 households, and 80 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|308.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 2.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 114 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $28,000. Males had a median income of $25,972 versus $15,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,780. About 22.1% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.7% of those 65 or over.

