==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 635
| 1890 = 619
| 1900 = 811
| 1910 = 789
| 1920 = 798
| 1930 = 717
| 1940 = 793
| 1950 = 961
| 1960 = 878
| 1970 = 835
| 1980 = 842
| 1990 = 793
| 2000 = 834
| 2010 = 816
| 2020 = 758
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 816 people, 359 households, and 215 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|735.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 406 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 359 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 834 people, 369 households, and 225 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 803.3 inhabitants per square mile (309.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 392 housing units at an average density of 377.6 per square mile (145.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races. 0.36% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 369 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,393, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $28,611 versus $20,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,957. 9.6% of the population and 3.9% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 12.2% of those under the age of 18 and 13.1% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

