==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 131
|2020= 93
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 131 people, 49 households, and 39 families living in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|524.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.76% from two or more races.

There were 49 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.4% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the CDP was 38.5 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 123 people, 45 households, and 31 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|521.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 45 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 75.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $17,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,720. There were no families and 1.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.

