==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 306
|1900= 829
|1910= 744
|1920= 956
|1930= 700
|1940= 857
|1950= 846
|1960= 789
|1970= 739
|1980= 741
|1990= 636
|2000= 656
|2010= 639
|2020= 544
|estyear=2021
|estimate=545
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 25, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 25, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 9, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 639 people, 261 households, and 175 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|639.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 282 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 261 households, of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 656 people, 255 households, and 179 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|424.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 284 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.57% of the population.

There were 255 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,154, and the median income for a family was $42,361. Males had a median income of $31,985 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,974.  About 13.6% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 22.9% of those age 65 or over.

