==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 214
|1960= 154
|1970= 132
|1980= 134
|1990= 104
|2000= 86
|2010= 94
|2020= 88
|estyear=2024
|estimate=126
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 25, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

[[Zion Lutheran Cemetery, Wrought-Iron Cross Site]], in or near Mercer, is listed on the [[National Register of Historic Places]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 94 people, 48 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|427.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races.

There were 48 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 53.5 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 31.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 86 people, 49 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|398.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 49 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.1% were non-families. 55.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.76 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.3% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 31.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $48,125 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,937. There were 25.0% of families and 25.3% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 23.5% who were under eighteen and 34.8% who were over 64.

