==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 399
|1910= 408
|1920= 356
|1930= 382
|1940= 423
|1950= 416
|1960= 452
|1970= 468
|1980= 464
|1990= 411
|2000= 311
|2010= 431
|2020= 396
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 431 people, 155 households, and 115 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1795.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|733.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 155 households, of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.8% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the town was 33 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 311 people, 112 households, and 88 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|861.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|351.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.29% of the population.

There were 112 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,833, and the median income for a family was $34,792. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,021. About 7.9% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

