==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 710
|1910= 652
|1920= 707
|1930= 1010
|1940= 925
|1950= 1092
|1960= 1310
|1970= 1309
|1980= 1090
|1990= 1181
|2000= 1281
|2010= 1477
|2020= 1440
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1436
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Pilot Mountain racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3751820&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,212
| 84.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 101
| 7.01%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 13
| 0.9%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 75
| 5.21%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 34
| 2.36%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,440 people, 715 households, and 455 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,281 people, 585 households, and 363 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|742.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 644 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 585 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,529, and the median income for a family was $42,279. Males had a median income of $31,522 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,526. About 11.9% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.1% of those under age 18 and 17.2% of those age 65 or over.

