==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 201
|1940= 162
|1950= 215
|1960= 292
|1970= 210
|1980= 367
|1990= 195
|2000= 229
|2010= 205
|2020= 237
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 205 people, 101 households, and 59 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|386.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 101 households, of which 16.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.6% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the town was 52.1 years. 17.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 40.9% were from 45 to 64; and 24.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 229 people, 110 households, and 66 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 431.5 people per square mile (166.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 165 housing units at an average density of 310.9 per square mile (120.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.24% of the population.

There were 110 households, out of which 16.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,531, and the median income for a family was $26,786. Males had a median income of $21,146 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,529. About 2.4% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 2.7% of those 65 or over.

