==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 301
|1930= 327
|1940= 362
|1950= 387
|1960= 423
|1970= 456
|1980= 446
|1990= 408
|2000= 419
|2010= 423
|2020= 379
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 423 people, 197 households, and 106 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1410.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|760.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 197 households, of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 45.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the town was 53 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 35.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 419 people, 168 households, and 107 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,403.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|666.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.79% White, 5.97% Native American and 0.24% Asian. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 168 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were married couples living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 36.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.7 males. The median income for a household in the town was $30,547, and the median income for a family was $37,292. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,437. About 9.2% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.4% of those under age 18 and 22.6% of those age 65 or over.

