==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 232
|1890= 413
|1900= 1075
|1910= 1182
|1920= 1142
|1930= 1064
|1940= 1256
|1950= 1323
|1960= 1373
|1970= 1252
|1980= 1493
|1990= 1315
|2000= 1323
|2010= 1287
|2020= 1301
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,287 people, 538 households, and 316 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|925.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 606 housing units at an average density of {{convert|436.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.2% of the population.

There were 538 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

