==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 229
|1920= 247
|1930= 191
|1940= 182
|1950= 161
|1960= 128
|1970= 101
|1980= 94
|1990= 103
|2000= 105
|2010= 91
|2020= 102
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 91 people, 36 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|379.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.2% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.43.

The median age in the town was 31.5 years. 31.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 17.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 105 people, 41 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|429.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|179.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population. 34.0% were of [[United States|American]], 34.0% [[Germans|German]], 11.3% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]] and 5.7% [[English people|English]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 41 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 11.4% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,000, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,035. There were 16.7% of families and 22.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 71.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

