==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|286
|1890|237
|1900|398
|1910|396
|1920|387
|1930|369
|1940|357
|1950|348
|1960|329
|1970|396
|1980|375
|1990|366
|2000|374
|2010|374
|2020|340
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 340 people, 143 households, and 106 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,472.7 inhabitants per square mile (568.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 151 housing units at an average density of 654.1 per square mile (252.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 86.8% [[White Americans|White]], 1.8% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from other races and 8.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 11.2% of the population.

Of the 143 households, 34.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% were cohabitating couples, 21.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 18.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.9% of all households were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 46.3 years. 22.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 and 44; 32.4% were from 45 and 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 374 people, 142 households, and 105 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1626.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 8.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.3% of the population.

There were 142 households, of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.1% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 374 people, 138 households, and 102 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,604.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|609.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.99% of the population.

There were 138 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $32,045 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,082. About 4.7% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

