==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1199
|1890= 2195
|1900= 3372
|1910= 4262
|1920= 4553
|1930= 4983
|1940= 5439
|1950= 7054
|1960= 7353
|1970= 6776
|1980= 8847
|1990= 9176
|2000= 9437
|2010= 9144
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=9646}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 9,144 people, 4,288 households and 2,385 families. The [[population density]] was {{convert|931.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 4,903 housing units at an average density of {{convert|499.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 4,288 households, of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age was 45.2 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 9,437 people, 4,048 households and 2,432 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|981.4|/sqmi}}. There were 4,447 housing units at an average density of {{convert|462.5|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the city was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.82% from two or more races. 1.28% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 4,048 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.81% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.92.

23.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,935 and the median family income was $45,084. Males had a median income of $31,879 and females $21,414. The [[per capita income]] was $18,899. About 5.5% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.2% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

