==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 1219
|2000= 1390
|2010= 1534
|2020= 1543
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Northlakes racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3747695&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-21|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,388
| 89.95%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 27
| 1.75%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 42
| 2.72%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 47
| 3.05%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 38
| 2.46%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,543 people, 617 households, and 400 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 Census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,390 people, 511 households, and 429 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|932.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 535 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 511 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.9% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $67,692, and the median income for a family was $67,237. Males had a median income of $56,429 versus $33,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,285. About 1.4% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

