==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 741
|1910= 767
|1920= 708
|1930= 607
|1940= 710
|1950= 879
|1960= 898
|1970= 891
|1980= 816
|1990= 807
|2000= 836
|2010= 872
|2020= 789
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 872 people, 351 households, and 234 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|645.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 389 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 351 households, of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 37.4 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 836 people, 352 households, and 229 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|617.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 388 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The ethnic makeup of the village was 97.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 352 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,467, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,900 versus $16,635 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,010.  About 14.7% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

