==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 104
|2020= 113
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] counted 113 people, 56 households, and 40 families in Catharine.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 63.8 per square mile (24.6/km{{sup|2}}). There were 62 housing units at an average density of 35.0 per square mile (13.5/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 95.58% (108) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (94.69% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.88% (1) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.54% (4) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 1.77% (2) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 56 households, 17.9% had children under the age of 18; 66.1% were married couples living together; 25.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 28.6% of households consisted of individuals and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.9 and the average family size was 3.2.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 28.3% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

18.6% of the population was under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 15.9% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 31.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.6 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 135.9 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $115,781 (with a margin of error of +/- $50,420) and the median family income was $116,172 (+/- $40,948).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $54,886 (+/- $36,126).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 0.0% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Catharine%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 104 people, 49 households, and 29 families residing in the community. There were 59 housing units. The racial makeup of the community was 100.0% [[White American|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]s or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]s of any race were 1.0% of the population.<ref name=Census2010>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | url = https://www.census.gov | access-date = 2011-07-20}}</ref>

There were 49 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12, and the average family size was 2.86.<ref name=Census2010/>

In the community, the population was spread out, with 19.2% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 32.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males age 18 and over.<ref name=Census2010/>

