==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,322 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 474.69 people per square mile (183.27/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 482 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 4.2% from two or more races. 2.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Coldstream CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Coldstream_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3916521 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=6 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 450 households, out of which 43.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 3.3% had a female householder with no spouse present. 7.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.8% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.25, and the average family size was 3.44.<ref name="2020 census"/>

32.1% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 55.0% were 18 to 64, and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.3. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $143,214, and the median income for a family was $250,000. About 3.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 66.5% of the population were employed, and 83.6% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

