==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 522
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2000===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 424 people, 154 households, and 83 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|164.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 93.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.12% of the population.

There were 154 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 16.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.79.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.9% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $12,361, and the median income for a family was $15,469. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,982. About 41.5% of families and 45.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.1% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

