==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 245
|1930= 256
|1940= 218
|1950= 217
|1960= 221
|1970= 242
|1980= 222
|1990= 249
|2000= 229
|2010= 463
|2020= 960
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 960 people in 466 households. The population density was {{convert|640.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The average housing density was 310.7 per square mile (118.9/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 64.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.9% identified as "Some Other Race Alone", and 6.1% as "Two or More Races". [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.1% of the population.

There were 466 households, out of which 49.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them. The average household size was 2.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.5% aged 19 or younger, 15.8% aged 20 to 29, 21.1% aged 30 to 39, 14.1% aged 40 to 49, 10.6% from 50 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $73,750 with a mean household income of $100,380. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $40,764. About 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.4% of those under the age of eighteen.{{clear left}}

