==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 477
|1900= 661
|1910= 513
|1920= 500
|1930= 595
|1940= 503
|1950= 566
|1960= 660
|1970= 508
|1980= 528
|1990= 444
|2000= 447
|2010= 331
|2020= 323
|estyear=2022
|estimate=317
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 12, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 12, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 323 people lived in St. Thomas. Three-quarters of those residents were born in or near the town itself.  It is a racially and ethnically diverse town, where 16% of residents are Latino, 8% are Indigenous, and most other residents are white.  According to the census, every man who lives in the town owns his home, and 75% of women do too.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 331 people, 150 households, and 107 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|312.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.6% of the population.

There were 150 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.7% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 35.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

