==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 896
|1880= 675
|1900= 652
|1910= 479
|1920= 457
|1930= 517
|1940= 442
|1950= 405
|1960= 403
|1970= 397
|1980= 282
|1990= 236
|2000= 359
|2010= 353
|2020= 755
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 755 people residing in the town. There were 342 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 85.0% [[Non-Hispanic whites|White]], 8.2% [[African Americans|African American or Black]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 1.2% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.0% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 353 people residing in the town. There were 143 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 89.0% White, 9.3% African American, 0.0% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 1.1% from other races, and 0.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.7% of the population.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 359 people, 129 households, and 83 families living in the town. The population density was 1,480.8 people per square mile (577.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 142 housing units at an average density of 585.7 per square mile (228.4/km<sup>2</sup>).  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 89.69% White, 7.52% African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.28% Asian, 1.67% from other races, and 0.56% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.95%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 129 households 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 32.6% of households were one person and 13.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.04.

The age distribution was 19.8% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% 65 or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 117.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.8 males.

The median household income was $33,438 and the median family income  was $54,688. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $21,563 for females. The per capita income for the town was $19,954. None of the families and 2.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.2% of those over 64.

