==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 309
|1910= 333
|1920= 387
|1930= 397
|1940= 431
|1950= 403
|1960= 418
|1970= 381
|1980= 377
|1990= 374
|2000= 317
|2010= 303
|2020= 291
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13|archive-date=1996-12-27|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 303 people, 129 households, and 83 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|513.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|249.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 129 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 34.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 317 people, 131 households, and 75 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|539.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 0.32% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 131 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.7% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.37.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,042, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,506. 6.8% of the population and 8.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 8.1% of those under the age of 18 and 5.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

