==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2020= 14
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] counted 14 people, 5 households, and 0 families in Nicodemus.<ref name=:2020/><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Nicodemus%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The population density was 15.9 per square mile (6.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 32 housing units at an average density of 36.4 per square mile (14.0/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:2020>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Nicodemus%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 78.57% (11) [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 14.29% (2) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (7.14% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.14% (1) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Nicodemus%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 14.29% (2) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Nicodemus%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 5 households, 0.0% had children under the age of 18; 0.0% were married couples living together; 0.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 100.0% of households consisted of individuals and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:2020/> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Nicodemus%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

7.1% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 7.1% from 25 to 44, 42.9% from 45 to 64, and 35.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 59.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.0 males.<ref name=:2020/> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 85.7 males.<ref name=:2020/>

