==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 435
| 1920 = 447
| 1930 = 466
| 1940 = 456
| 1950 = 333
| 1960 = 274
| 1970 = 372
| 1980 = 363
| 1990 = 337
| 2000 = 355
| 2010 = 347
| 2020 = 305
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 313
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2015 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{Cite web |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html |archive-date=May 22, 2015 |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 355 people, 139 households, and 99 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|347.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 95.49% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.97% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.41% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races.  0.28% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 139 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $19,821 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,926.  About 13.5% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 22.5% of those age 65 or over.

