==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 248
|1890= 329
|1900= 393
|1910= 352
|1920= 423
|1930= 422
|1940= 407
|1950= 470
|1960= 491
|1970= 566
|1980= 649
|1990= 673
|2000= 703
|2010= 708
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=763}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 708 people, 288 households, and 181 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1123.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|511.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 288 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 37.2 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 703 people, 287 households, and 185 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,158.8 people per square mile (445.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 315 housing units at an average density of 519.2 per square mile (199.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 287 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,120, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $31,932 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,036. About 7.3% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

