==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 76 people, 38 households, and 25 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 14.1 people per square mile (5.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 60 housing units at an average density of 11.1/sq&nbsp;mi (4.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.32% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were married couples living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.46.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 11.8% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $33,000 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $20,831. There were 8.8% of families and 7.9% of the population living below the poverty line, including no under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

