==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1860 = 74
| 1870 = 243
| 1880 = 150
| 1890 = 102
| 1900 = 119
| 1910 = 105
| 1920 = 157
| 1930 = 169
| 1940 = 170
| 1950 = 126
| 1960 = 105
| 1970 = 78
| 1980 = 117
| 1990 = 101
| 2000 = 190
| 2010 = 207
| 2020 = 236
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 190 people, 69 households, and 58 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 473.8 people per square mile (183.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 86 housing units at an average density of 214.5 per square mile (83.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.63% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.5% were non-families. 14.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $11,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,133. About 15.6% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those 65 or over.

