==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 143
|2020= 128
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Kingvale first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Kingvale had a population of 128. The population density was {{convert|133.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Kingvale was 122 (95.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0 (0.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5 (3.9%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2 persons (1.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Kingvale CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0638604 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 23, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 67 households, out of which 8 (11.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 24 (35.8%) were married-couple households, 7 (10.4%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 8 (11.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 28 (41.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 22 households (32.8%) were one person, and 9 (13.4%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.91.<ref name=DP1/> There were 32 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (47.8% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Kingvale CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0638604 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 23, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 23 people (18.0%) under the age of 18, 5 people (3.9%) aged 18 to 24, 33 people (25.8%) aged 25 to 44, 45 people (35.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 22 people (17.2%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 48.0{{nbsp}}years. There were 77 males and 51 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 314 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 67 (21.3%) were occupied. Of these, 39 (58.2%) were owner-occupied, and 28 (41.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

