==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 279
|1910= 277
|1920= 228
|1930= 284
|1940= 290
|1950= 198
|1960= 140
|1970= 215
|1980= 179
|1990= 95
|2000= 205
|2010= 232
|2020= 213
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Dillsboro racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3717180&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 19, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 168
| 78.87%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1
| 0.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 2.82%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 2.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 17
| 7.98%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 16
| 7.51%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 213 people, 112 households, and 53 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 205 people, 111 households, and 45 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|516.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 111 households, out of which 15.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 58.6% were non-families. 54.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 31.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 59.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $27,188. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,365. About 12.8% of families and 22.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 30.9% of those 65 or over.

