==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 241
|1880= 259
|1890= 320
|1900= 327
|1910= 453
|1920= 475
|1930= 489
|1940= 534
|1950= 507
|1960= 593
|1970= 624
|1980= 596
|1990= 500
|2000= 424
|2010= 379
|2020= 330
|estyear=2021
|estimate=327
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 19, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 424 people, 174 households, and 120 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,522.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|678.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 94.34% White, 2.12% African American, 1.18% Native American, 0.24% Asian, and 2.12% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 174 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,649. About 11.1% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.7% of those under age 18 and 17.2% of those age 65 or over.

