==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 369
|1900= 319
|1910= 373
|1920= 433
|1930= 394
|1940= 326
|1950= 253
|1960= 195
|1970= 156
|1980= 135
|1990= 146
|2000= 142
|2010= 115
|2020= 120
|estyear=2021
|estimate=121
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 115 people, 53 households, and 30 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|460.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.6% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.4% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 142 people, 69 households, and 34 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|573.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.04% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.7% were non-families. 46.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 29.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.9 males. There is only one Asian person there.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,526. There were 25.8% of families and 33.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 73.1% of under eighteens and 22.0% of those over 64.

