==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 171
| 1940 = 189
| 1950 = 133
| 1960 = 113
| 1970 = 123
| 1980 = 114
| 1990 = 92
| 2000 = 96
| 2010 = 88
| 2020 = 81
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 88 people, 35 households, and 20 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|91.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 73.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 12.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 42.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 45.5 years. 15.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 34.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.7% male and 44.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 96 people, 40 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 99.2 people per square mile (38.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 54 housing units at an average density of 55.8 per square mile (21.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 79.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 1.04% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 40 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,417, and the median income for a family was $41,042. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $9,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,008. There were 6.1% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 41.2% of those over 64.

