==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2010= 561
|2020= 526
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 561 people, 229 households, and 139 families residing in the CDP. There were 256 housing units, of which 27, or 10.5%, were vacant. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.8% [[White Americans|white]], 0.4% [[African American]], 0.7% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races. 0.5% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3310820| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Center Ossipee CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 12, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213130025/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3310820| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 229 households in the CDP, 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were headed by married couples living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37, and the average family size was 3.00.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

26.0% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 7.0% were from age 18 to 24, 22.5% were from 25 to 44, 31.2% were from 45 to 64, and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

