==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 381
| 2010 = 337
| 2020 = 358
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 371
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Viola racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0572140&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 328
| 91.62%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 2
| 0.56%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 1.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 22
| 6.15%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 358 people, 136 households, and 75 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 381&nbsp;people, 160&nbsp;households, and 106&nbsp;families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|295.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 181&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.69% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.05% from two or more races. 0.79% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 160 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 77.2&nbsp;males. For every&nbsp;100 females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 78.1&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,667, and the median income for a family was $31,094. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,953. About 2.9% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

