==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 308
|1920= 327
|1930= 296
|1940= 221
|1950= 314
|1960= 328
|1970= 327
|1980= 356
|1990= 360
|2000= 376
|2010= 345
|2020= 286
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 345 people, 156 households, and 88 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|348.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 46.9 years. 18.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 376 people, 164 households, and 102 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|423.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 277 housing units at an average density of {{convert|312.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.24% of the population.

There were 164 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,477, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $27,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,848. About 6.1% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

