==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 750
| 1920 = 1118
| 1930 = 1466
| 1940 = 1231
| 1950 = 1692
| 1960 = 2141
| 1970 = 2094
| 1980 = 2334
| 1990 = 2207
| 2000 = 2056
| 2010 = 1842
| 2020 = 1498
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Lockney racial composition'''<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4843252&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|475
|31.71%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|37
|2.47%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|3
|0.2%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|0.07%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|2
|0.13%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|25
|1.67%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|955
|63.75%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,498'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,498 people, 554 households, and 379 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,056 people, 690 households, and 540 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,326.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 791 housing units at an average density of {{convert|510.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 22.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 51.90% of the population.

There were 690 households, out of which 44.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,074, and the median income for a family was $35,469. Males had a median income of $25,673 versus $18,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,528. About 14.5% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.8% of those under age 18 and 17.0% of those age 65 or over.

