==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1930= 987
|1940= 870
|1950= 757
|1960= 1608
|1970= 1742
|1980= 1583
|1990= 1433
|2000= 1268
|2010= 982
|2020= 982
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br/>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,268 people, 506 households, and 358 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|605.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 587 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Parrish is 72.63% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 25.32% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Black]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 0.16% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], 0.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.63% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 1.10% from two or more races. 0.95% of the population were Hispanic or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race.

There were 506 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,711, and the median income for a family was $26,193. Males had a median income of $25,341 versus $16,900 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,270. About 21.3% of families and 24.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.0% of those under age 18 and 26.8% of those age 65 or over.

