==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 165
|1870= 121
|1880= 84
|1970= 53
|1980= 78
|1990= 57
|2000= 64
|2010= 104
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 104 people, 38 households, and 31 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|72.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 38 households, of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.4% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 38.8 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 6.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 64 people, 23 households, and 14 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|60.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of 22.6 per square mile (8.7/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 92.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.81% of the population.

There were 23 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.47.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 32.8% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,000, and the median income for a family was $29,500. Males had a median income of $59,167 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,017. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

