==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1860= 189
|1870= 212
|1880= 303
|1890= 441
|1900= 573
|1910= 674
|1920= 718
|1930= 863
|1940= 985
|1950= 1133
|1960= 1164
|1970= 1157
|1980= 1072
|1990= 1308
|2000= 1752
|2010= 2089
|2020= 2129
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2153
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,752 people, 678 households, and 513 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,091.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 718 housing units at an average density of {{convert|857.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.26% of the population.

There were 678 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 35.8% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $50,000, and the median income for a family was $54,891. Males had a median income of $41,643 versus $28,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $22,095. About 2.9% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

