==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1860 = 372
| 1870 = 321
| 1900 = 402
| 1910 = 369
| 1920 = 390
| 1930 = 450
| 1940 = 479
| 1950 = 493
| 1960 = 487
| 1970 = 474
| 1980 = 411
| 1990 = 396
| 2000 = 432
| 2010 = 425
| 2020 = 448
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=August 25, 2023}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1870/population/1870a-27.pdf |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1870/population/1870a-27.pdf |website=US Census Bureau}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 432 people, 238 households, and 117 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 942.3 people per square mile (362.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 264 housing units at an average density of 575.9 per square mile (221.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 238 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.8% were non-families. 49.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 30.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,781, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $27,232 versus $19,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,557. About 10.4% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

