==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 831
|1920= 724
|1930= 730
|1940= 679
|1950= 796
|1960= 697
|1970= 622
|1980= 567
|1990= 472
|2000= 582
|2010= 564
|2020= 535
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 3, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5339510|title=Lind town, Washington|author=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 23, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States Census|census]]<ref name = "www.data.census.gov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau Tables|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/all?q=lind%20washington|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=August 6, 2022}}</ref> of 2020 there were 535 people, 182 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|478.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was  86.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 12.6% from two or more races.

There were 182 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.4% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 40.7% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.8 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the town was 32.4 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 564 people, 234 households, and 151 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|527.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 276 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.2% of the population.

There were 234 households, of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the town was 43.1 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 582 people, 230 households, and 161 families residing in the town. The population density was 566.3 people per square mile (218.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 307 housing units at an average density of 298.7 per square mile (115.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 90.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.86% of the population.

There were 230 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 29.6% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,147, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $33,625 versus $18,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,948. About 8.2% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

