==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1443
|1920= 1590
|1930= 2157
|1940= 1851
|1950= 2337
|1960= 2365
|1970= 2361
|1980= 2527
|1990= 2263
|2000= 1989
|2010= 1783
|2020= 1650
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1621
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 21, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 21, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,783 people, 824 households, and 476 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|948.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 997 housing units at an average density of {{convert|530.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 824 households, of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. Of all households, 39.6% were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 51.5 years; 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 32.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,989 people, 926 households, and 529 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,031.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,056 housing units at an average density of {{convert|547.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 926 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. Of all households 40.7% were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 31.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,017, and the median income for a family was $45,250. Males had a median income of $31,429 versus $16,534 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,477. About 6.6% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 24.4% of those age 65 or over.

