==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 52
|1900= 177
|1910= 300
|1920= 321
|1930= 252
|1940= 253
|1950= 247
|1960= 251
|1970= 212
|1980= 306
|1990= 253
|2000= 280
|2010= 237
|2020= 221
|estimate = 215
|estyear = 2025
|estref = <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/losantville-demographics|title=Losantville Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 237 people, 105 households, and 63 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1247.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.5% from two or more races.

There were 105 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the town was 37.4 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 280 people, 115 households, and 76 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,584.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|701.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 115 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $32,222 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,885. About 16.0% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

