==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 584
|1990= 545
|2000= 625
|2010= 594
|2020= 524
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 625 people, 221 households, and 177 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|54.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 249 housing units at an average density of 21.5 per square mile (8.3/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 221 households, out of which 45.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.1% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.5% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,542, and the median income for a family was $40,714. Males had a median income of $29,000 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,184. About 9.3% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

