==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 198
|1920= 323
|1930= 293
|1940= 323
|1950= 238
|1960= 197
|1970= 117
|1980= 89
|1990= 59
|2000= 72
|2010= 63
|2020= 46
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 33 households, and 16 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|196.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 33 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.5% were non-families. 48.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 11.2% were from 45 to 64; and 38.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 72 people, 36 households, and 24 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|224.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.78% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 1.4% from 18 to 24, 16.7% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 34.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 59 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $28,333. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,063. There were 46.4% of families and 44.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 60.0% of under eighteens and 36.0% of those over 64.

