==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1840 = 339
| 1850 = 623
| 1860 = 592
| 1870 = 659
| 1880 = 866
| 1890 = 1088
| 1900 = 828
| 1910 = 1044
| 1920 = 1022
| 1930 = 1035
| 1940 = 1097
| 1950 = 1156
| 1960 = 1054
| 1970 = 1037
| 1980 = 964
| 1990 = 990
| 2000 = 955
| 2010 = 873
| 2020 = 780
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 768
| estref = <ref name="Census2024">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=3 October 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
| footnote = Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 955 people, 406 households, and 261 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,628.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 445 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,156.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.36% of the population.

There were 406 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33, and the average family size was 2.97.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,448, and the median income for a family was $37,614. Males had a median income of $32,778 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,580. About 11.4% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

