==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 6038
|1990= 5807
|2000= 5382
|2010= 5697
|2020= 6493
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=May 5, 2021}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/pennwynnecdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the CDP was 78.7% Non-Hispanic White, 7.2% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American and Alaskan Native, 9.5% Asian, 0.4% were Some Other Race, and 1.8% were two or more races. 2.8% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>[https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA#locality-tab Census 2010: Pennsylvania]. Usatoday.Com. Retrieved on 2013-07-21.</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,382 people, 2,072 households, and 1,504 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|5,158.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,025.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. In 2018, 88% of the housing units in Penn Wynne were occupied by their owner.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://datausa.io/profile/geo/penn-wynne-pa/#housing | title=Penn Wynne, PA &#124; Data USA }}</ref>

The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 2,072 households, out of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $78,398, and the median income for a family was $91,653. Males had a median income of $70,417 versus $42,228 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $41,199. About 1.2% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.9% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

