==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 113
|1890= 534
|1910= 1152
|1920= 1010
|1930= 1133
|1940= 1200
|1950= 1173
|1960= 1024
|1970= 903
|1980= 820
|1990= 691
|2000= 692
|2010= 674
|2020= 559
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 692 people, 333 households, and 201 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|720.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|393.6|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 54.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 42.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.16% of the population.

There were 333 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 27.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 68.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 65.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,182, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $22,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,901. About 19.1% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of those under age 18 and 17.5% of those age 65 or over.

