==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 222
|1920= 180
|1930= 227
|1940= 185
|1950= 200
|1960= 237
|1970= 253
|1980= 304
|1990= 270
|2000= 201
|2010= 168
|2020= 170
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 167
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 168 people, 69 households, and 43 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 69 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 35.3 years. 29.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 8.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 201 people, 65 households, and 41 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|334.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.00% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 32.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $38,438. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,333. About 15.2% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 52.4% of those 65 or over.

