==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 172
|1940= 158
|1950= 156
|1960= 147
|1970= 187
|1980= 210
|1990= 213
|2000= 181
|2010= 173
|2020= 186
|estyear=2023
|estimate=195
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=July 13, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 13, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 173 people, 72 households, and 50 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1017.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|452.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 72 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 38.7 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 8.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.9% male and 45.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 181 people, 72 households, and 56 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,086.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|480.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $44,063. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $21,023 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,973. About 8.8% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

