==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 262
|1940= 376
|1950= 414
|1960= 317
|1970= 220
|1980= 217
|1990= 212
|2000= 210
|2010= 191
|2020= 157
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 191 people, 86 households, and 46 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|196.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.5% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 42.5 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 210 people, 92 households, and 57 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|214.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,364, and the median income for a family was $28,958. Males had a median income of $25,375 versus $24,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,888.  About 11.3% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

