==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 170
|1890= 209
|1900= 138
|1910= 143
|1920= 136
|1930= 130
|1940= 156
|1950= 157
|1960= 140
|1970= 186
|1980= 141
|1990= 113
|2000= 97
|2010= 105
|2020= 78
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 97 people, 38 households, and 25 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,103.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|932.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 97.94% White and 2.06% African American.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
There were 38 households, 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 28.9% of households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 86.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The [[median household income|median income for a household]] in the borough was $18,125, and the median family income  was $23,438. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $15,000 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $9,557. There were 13.0% of families and 19.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and 10.7% of those over 64.

