==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 440
|1900= 588
|1910= 544
|1920= 593
|1930= 351
|1940= 413
|1950= 360
|1960= 247
|1970= 234
|1980= 199
|1990= 173
|2000= 110
|2010= 67
|2020= 45
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web|url = http://mcdc.missouri.edu/trends/tables/cities1900-1990.pdf|title = Missouri Population 1900 - 1990|format = [[comma-separated values|CSV]]|publisher = Missouri Census Data Center|accessdate = 28 February 2010|archive-url = https://web.archive.org/web/20140704072802/http://mcdc.missouri.edu/trends/tables/cities1900-1990.pdf|archive-date = 4 July 2014|url-status = dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 67 people, 30 households, and 18 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|191.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 7.46% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 30 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.7% male and 43.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 110 people, 42 households, and 30 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|344.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 42 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,667, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,552. There were no families and 4.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

