==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 231
|1930= 171
|1940= 174
|1950= 144
|1960= 134
|1970= 144
|1980= 191
|1990= 115
|2000= 98
|2010= 132
|2020= 112
|estyear=2022
|estimate=109
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 2, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 2, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 132 people, 60 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|694.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|347.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 98 people, 47 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|523.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.04% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 42.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $17,292, and the median income for a family was $23,125. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $14,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,636. There were 19.0% of families and 23.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 43.5% of under eighteen and none of those over 64.

