==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 224
|1920= 345
|1930= 408
|1940= 360
|1950= 389
|1960= 385
|1970= 291
|1980= 222
|1990= 193
|2000= 167
|2010= 171
|2020= 211
|estyear=2022
|estimate=201
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 171 people, 84 households, and 41 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|152.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.4% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.2% were non-families. 46.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 167 people, 80 households, and 47 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|148.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 80 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,143, and the median income for a family was $29,063. Males had a median income of $24,107 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,356. About 4.1% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 26.7% of those 65 or over.

