==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 366
| 2010 = 351
| 2020 = 254
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 237
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 351 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 89.5% White, 1.1% Black, 0.3% Asian and 2.0% from two or more races. 7.1% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 366 people, 137 households, and 106 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|24.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|10.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.81% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.37% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.64% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. 0.82% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 137 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,563, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $19,643 versus $17,679 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,890. About 13.3% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.5% of those under age 18 and 23.6% of those age 65 or over.

