==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 360
|1900= 409
|1910= 382
|1920= 380
|1930= 310
|1940= 408
|1950= 432
|1960= 420
|1970= 454
|1980= 410
|1990= 372
|2000= 357
|2010= 340
|2020= 331
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 357 people, 147 households, and 97 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|369.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]],  and 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].  0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 147 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Population: demographic situation, languages and religions |url=https://eurydice.eacea.ec.europa.eu/national-education-systems/spain/population-demographic-situation-languages-and-religions |access-date=2024-12-12 |website=eurydice.eacea.ec.europa.eu}}</ref>

The median income for a household in the village was $36,023, and the median income for a family was $40,250. Males had a median income of $30,192 versus $22,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,588. About 4.7% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

