==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 285
|1930= 382
|1940= 379
|1950= 365
|1960= 322
|1970= 297
|1980= 275
|1990= 208
|2000= 223
|2010= 158
|2020= 99
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 158 people, 78 households, and 42 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|658.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|425.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 223 people, 94 households, and 53 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|932.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|434.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $27,000 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,508. About 13.1% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.6% of those 65 or over.

