==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 89
|1900= 245
|1910= 208
|1920= 218
|1930= 227
|1940= 214
|1950= 174
|1960= 221
|1970= 182
|1980= 177
|1990= 167
|2000= 148
|2010= 134
|2020= 148
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010,<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> there were 134 people, 53 households, and 38 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|957.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.3% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 148 people, 59 households, and 40 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,205.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|497.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.03% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.41% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population distribution was as follows: 25.0% were under the age of 18, 9.5% were between 18 and 24, 30.4% were from 25 to 44, 21.6% were from 45 to 64, and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males, and for every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 117.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,583, and the median income for a family was $42,188. Males had a median income of $34,500 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,198. There were none of the families and 3.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

