==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,366 people, 789 households, and 690 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|671.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 819 housing units at an average density of 232.7/sq mi (89.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 789 households, out of which 46.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.5% were non-families. 9.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 35.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $99,318, and the median income for a family was $104,934.  The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $34,855. About 3.6% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

