==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 134
|1910= 136
|1920= 103
|1930= 144
|1940= 124
|1970= 168
|1980= 358
|1990= 271
|2000= 245
|2010= 47
|2020= 66
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Blaine,%20KY&g=1600000US2107264&tid=DECENNIALSF12010.P1| title=Total Population: 2010 Census DEC Summary File 1 (P1), Blaine city, Kentucky| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| website=data.census.gov| access-date=February 7, 2020}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 245 people, 95 households and 74 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|74.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.82% from two or more races.

There were 95 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.89.

Age distribution was 25.3% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $16,250, and the median family income was $24,000. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $9,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,740. About 29.4% of families and 39.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.2% of those 65 or over.

