==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 99
|1930= 112
|1940= 73
|1950= 110
|1960= 95
|1970= 96
|1980= 87
|1990= 66
|2000= 47
|2010= 54
|2020= 53
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 54 people, 20 households, and 12 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|19.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 20 households, of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40.0% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.67.

The median age in the city was 30.5 years. 37% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 13.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 47 people, 22 households, and 11 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|17.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 22 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,938, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,796. There were 28.6% of families and 26.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 43.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

