==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1920|158
|1930|134
|1940|139
|1950|156
|1960|182
|1970|269
|1980|596
|1990|605
|2000|597
|2010|808
|2020|838
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=American FactFinder|access-date=March 29, 2020|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212063637/http://factfinder.census.gov/|archive-date=February 12, 2020|url-status=dead}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 838 people, 306 households, and 265 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 727.9 inhabitants per square mile (281.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 313 housing units at an average density of 271.9 per square mile (105.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.5% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from other races and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.7% of the population.

Of the 306 households, 39.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% were cohabitating couples, 8.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 8.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 13.4% of all households were non-families. 10.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 44.2 years. 26.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 and 44; 29.5% were from 45 and 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 808 people, 281 households, and 244 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|792.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|281.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 281 households, of which 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 13.2% were non-families. 11.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 41.1 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 32.2% were from 45 to 64; and 9.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212221153/http://factfinder.census.gov/main.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=American FactFinder}}</ref> of 2000, there were 597 people, 205 households, and 175 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|707.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 205 households, out of which 46.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.5% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.6% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.18.

31.2% were under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $65,250, and the median income for a family was $68,125. Males had a median income of $44,821 versus $30,156 for females. The per capita income for the city was $23,041. About 1.3% of families and 2.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 0.5% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

