==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 622
| 2010 = 562
| 2020 = 573
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 622 people, 226 households, and 157 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|183.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.86% of the population.

There were 226 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $52,083, and the median income for a family was $48,542. Males had a median income of $25,368 versus $35,455 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,672. About 5.5% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 24.5% of those age 65 or over.

The population of the Accord CDP had fallen to 562 at the 2010 census.

