==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 626
|1960= 1242
|1970= 993
|1980= 1054
|1990= 881
|2000= 893
|2010= 812
|2020= 830
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 812 people, 386 households, and 220 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|773.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 431 housing units at an average density of {{convert|410.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 386 households, of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.0% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the town was 52.1 years. 15.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 893 people, 358 households, and 218 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|823.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 410 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.78% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 358 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 99.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,333, and the median income for a family was $31,650. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,154. About 10.4% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.0% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

