==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 178
|1890= 195
|1900= 243
|1910= 209
|1920= 227
|1930= 194
|1940= 223
|1950= 216
|1960= 254
|1970= 271
|1980= 291
|1990= 294
|2000= 342
|2010= 311
|2020= 296
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 311 people, 132 households, and 95 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1003.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|474.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 132 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 44.1 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 342 people, 139 households, and 97 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,183.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|498.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.34% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $51,875. Males had a median income of $35,446 versus $27,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,049. About 8.1% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.9% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

