==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 292
|1890= 380
|1900= 379
|1910= 501
|1920= 486
|1930= 386
|1940= 553
|1950= 465
|1960= 471
|1970= 496
|1980= 537
|1990= 503
|2000= 528
|2010= 454
|2020= 513
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 454 people, 172 households, and 124 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|398.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 172 households, of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.9% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 38.4 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 528 people, 181 households, and 140 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|469.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 90.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.60% of the population.

There were 181 households, out of which 46.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.1% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,714, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $35,500 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,705.  About 7.8% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of those under age 18 and 23.1% of those age 65 or over. The highest income reported was $350,000.

