==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|371
|1890|336
|1900|467
|1910|420
|1920|375
|1930|305
|1940|324
|1950|255
|1960|202
|1970|186
|1980|207
|1990|240
|2000|244
|2010|202
|2020|146
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[Census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Woodburn_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1986880 |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> the total population was 146 people. The population density was 228.1 people per square mile, spread over 0.64 miles. Of those 146 people, the median age was 55.3 years, with 15.1% of the town's population under the age of 18, 63.1% between the ages of 18 and 64, and 21.8% of the population over the age of 65. There were a total of 65 households, with an average of 2.2 people per household.

55% of the town's population was female, with 45% of the population male. The racial makeup of the town was 93.1% White, 2% Asian, and 6.8% Hispanic.

The average income per capita of Woodburn was $15,470, which is far lower than the state average, and the median household income was $34,750, lower than the rest of the state. 10.9% of the town’s population lives under the poverty line, which is barely lower than the rest of the state.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Woodburn, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1986880-woodburn-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

57.9% of the population of the town is identified as currently married.

97% of the town’s population has received a high school degree, which is 4.5 percentage points higher than the rest of the state. Although Woodburn has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, with only 6.1% of the town's population have received college degrees compared to the state average of 30.5%.

3% of the town's population were veterans.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 202 people, 83 households, and 59 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|315.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 83 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.9% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 45.3 years. 17.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.0% male and 46.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 244 people, 89 households, and 63 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|387.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.82% from two or more races.

There were 89 households, out of which 46.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.4% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $30,938. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,139. About 21.5% of families and 26.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.3% of those 65 or over.

