==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 308
|1900= 245
|1910= 174
|1920= 196
|1930= 231
|1940= 211
|1950= 281
|1960= 263
|1970= 274
|1980= 267
|1990= 277
|2000= 331
|2010= 255
|2020= 237
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=mdy }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 331 people, 124 households, and 86 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|254.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 65.26% White and 34.74% African American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.21% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were married couples living together, 17.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,107, and the median income for a family was $30,972. Males had a median income of $26,591 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,168. About 19.8% of families and 23.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.3% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

