==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 170
|1930= 145
|1940= 94
|1950= 124
|1960= 108
|1970= 72
|1980= 82
|1990= 70
|2000= 79
|2010= 97
|2020= 74
|estyear=2025
|estimate=73
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 97 people, 43 households, and 27 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|746.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|492.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.4% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 14.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the town was 33.5 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 56.7% male and 43.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 79 people, 41 households, and 23 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 584.1 people per square mile (217.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 67 housing units at an average density of 495.4 per square mile (184.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 19.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 139.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,950. There were no families and 8.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

