==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 337
|1910= 556
|1920= 402
|1930= 155
|1940= 97
|1950= 65
|1960= 57
|1970= 75
|1980= 72
|1990= 253
|2000= 714
|2010= 662
|2020= 731
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 714 people, 235 households, and 199 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|176.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 250 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.74% of the population.

There were 235 households, out of which 41.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.3% were non-families. 12.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,792, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $32,159 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,646. About 9.9% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.-->{{clear left}}

