==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 79
|1960= 80
|1970= 99
|1980= 93
|1990= 49
|2000= 60
|2010= 59
|2020= 45
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|census of 2010]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> there were 59 people, 23 households, and 17 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|737.5|PD/sqmi}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|325.0|/sqmi}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 81.4% White, 10.2% African American, 1.7% Asian, and 6.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 23 households, of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.1% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 37.3 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 60 people, 26 households, and 15 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|762.6|PD/sqmi}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.6|/sqmi}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 96.67% White, 1.67% African American, and 1.67% from two or more races.

There were 26 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $22,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,494. There were 6.7% of families and 17.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

