==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 205
| 1930 = 184
| 1940 = 138
| 1950 = 165
| 1960 = 137
| 1970 = 244
| 1980 = 291
| 1990 = 250
| 2000 = 201
| 2010 = 194
| 2020 = 192
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 193
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 201 people, 85 households, and 58 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 77.6/km{{sup|2}} (200.5/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 93 housing units at an average density of 35.9/km{{sup|2}} (92.8/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 96.52% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.99% from two or more races.  0.50% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 85 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $35,208. Males had a median income of $16,667 versus $16,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,342.  About 22.6% of families and 24.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.5% of those 65 or over.

