==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 11
|1890= 162
|1900= 250
|1910= 471
|1920= 563
|1930= 578
|1940= 537
|1950= 512
|1960= 491
|1970= 470
|1980= 400
|1990= 361
|2000= 378
|2010= 352
|2020= 240
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census; census.gov]</ref>
}}
Pilger is part of the [[Norfolk, Nebraska]] [[Norfolk Micropolitan Statistical Area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 352 people, 159 households, and 97 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1173.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|620.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 159 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 43.3 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 378 people, 164 households, and 106 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,244.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|602.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 164 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,364, and the median income for a family was $41,500. Males had a median income of $27,273 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,178. About 3.8% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

