==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 184
|1900= 225
|1910= 235
|1920= 254
|1930= 251
|1940= 217
|1950= 194
|1960= 152
|1970= 143
|1980= 132
|1990= 117
|2000= 121
|2010= 122
|2020= 135
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 122 people, 60 households, and 34 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|871.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|564.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the village was 45.7 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 121 people, 56 households, and 31 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|856.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.65% from two or more races.

There were 56 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.6% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,083, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $22,292 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,958. There were no families and 6.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 42.9% of those over 64.

