==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 288
|1910= 270
|1920= 349
|1930= 272
|1940= 274
|1950= 178
|1960= 190
|1970= 225
|1980= 192
|1990= 188
|2000= 218
|2010= 204
|2020= 171
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $35,972, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $40,750 versus $28,472 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,941. About 30.2% of families and 28.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

===2010 census===
At the [[United States Census, 2010|2010 census]], there were 204 people, 79 households, and 56 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|680.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|353.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 79 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.07.

The age distribution was 29.9% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

