==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 349
|2010= 528
|2020= 484
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 349 people, 91 households, and 73 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|63.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|18.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 8.3% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races.  11.2% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 91 households, out of which 63.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were married couples living together, 31.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.7% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.84 and the average family size was 4.18.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 48.7% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 9.5% from 45 to 64, and 3.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $4,375. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $18,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $2,917.  About 78.9% of families and 86.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 96.6% of those under age 18 and 100% of those age 65 or over.

