==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 159
|2020= 165
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 165 people, 68 households, and 34 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 119.1 inhabitants per square mile (46.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 73 housing units at an average density of 52.7 per square mile (20.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 92.1% [[White Americans|White]], 1.8% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 6.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.8% of the population.

Of the 68 households, 19.1% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% were cohabitating couples, 10.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 42.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 50.0% of all households were non-families. 44.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 46.3 years. 27.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 17.0% were from 25 and 44; 32.7% were from 45 and 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

