==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 232
|1890= 265
|1900= 384
|1910= 650
|1920= 719
|1930= 542
|1940= 557
|1950= 525
|1960= 390
|1970= 386
|1980= 486
|1990= 390
|2000= 363
|2010= 346
|2020= 306
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Cuba Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0118952&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|265
|86.6%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|34
|11.11%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.33%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|4
|1.31%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|2
|0.65%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 306 people, 206 households, and 129 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 346 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 85.0% White, 13.0% Black, 0.6% Native American and 1.2% from two or more races. 0.3% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 363 people, 162 households, and 113 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|89.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.74% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 7.71% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.28% from two or more races. 0.28% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 162 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,795, and the median income for a family was $57,500. Males had a median income of $36,500 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,130. About 3.3% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 13.9% of those age 65 or over.

