==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 248
|1930= 237
|1940= 220
|1950= 193
|1960= 154
|1970= 119
|1980= 162
|1990= 126
|2000= 114
|2010= 74
|2020= 52
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 74 people, 35 households and 22 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|274.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present and 37.1% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the village was 50 years. 13.5% of residents were under the age of 18, 10.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 14.9% were from 25 to 44, 44.7% were from 45 to 64 and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the village was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 114 people, 46 households, and 28 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|428.8|/sqmi}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.2|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the village was 95.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 2.63% from two or more races.

There were 46 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present and 39.1% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.29.

8.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64 and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $22,813 and the median family income was $24,063. Males had a median income of $19,375 and females $23,750. The [[per capita income]] was $8,633. There were 36.4% of families and 35.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

