==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 4921
|2000= 4452
|2010= 4857
|2020= 5068
|estyear=2023
|estimate=5398
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|title=Town and Country Demographic Statistics |url=https://www.washington-demographics.com/town-and-country-demographics |publisher=Cubit |access-date=November 16, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (CDP)"/>
}}

As of the 2023 [[American Community Survey]], there are 2,074 estimated households in Town and Country with an average of 2.6 persons per household. The CDP has a median household income of $87,561. Approximately 8.6% of the CDP's population lives at or below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]]. Town and Country has an estimated 60.8% employment rate, with 22.1% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 95.2% holding a high school diploma.<ref name="QF">{{Cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau QuickFacts: Town and Country CDP, Washington |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/townandcountrycdpwashington/PST045224 |access-date=November 16, 2025 |website=www.census.gov |language=en}}</ref> There were 2,196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1830.00|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.

The median age in the CDP was 40.7 years.

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 5,068 people, 2,029 households, _ families residing in the CDP.<ref>{{Cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Town%20and%20Country%20CDP,%20Washington%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=November 16, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|4223.33|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}} with an average of 2.56 persons per household. There were 2,087 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1739.17|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 81.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.99% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.73% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.01% from some other races and 10.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 7.16% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Town and Country CDP, Washington |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/town-and-country-cdp-washington/160-5372170/ |publisher=[[USA Today]] |access-date=November 16, 2025}}</ref>

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population showed 25.2% under the age of 18 and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. Females made up 51.4% of the population. Of those age 16 and above, 66.7% were in the workforce, with 57.3% of females age 16+ in the workforce.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $66,911. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,608. 9.2% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]]. Median value of owner-occupied homes was $212,300, with 75.0% of homes being owner-occupied. Median rent in the CDP was $1,143.

