==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 163
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 145 people, 60 households, and 43 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|365.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.52% from two or more races.

There were 60 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the CDP, the population dispersal was 25.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males. The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,286, and the median income for a family was $38,542. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,284. None of the families and 7.9% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 26.1% of those over 64.

