==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1182
|1900= 1513
|1910= 1543
|1920= 1448
|1930= 1708
|1940= 1610
|1950= 1651
|1960= 1376
|1970= 1336
|1980= 1195
|1990= 1198
|2000= 1010
|2010= 938
|2020= 927
|estyear=2023
|estimate=904
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 927 people living in the village, for a population density of 1,093.16 people per square mile (422.02/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 440 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 82.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 6.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 8.6% from two or more races. 2.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Addyston village, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Addyston_village,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3900436 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 12, 2023}}</ref>

There were 255 households, out of which 52.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 22.7% had a female householder with no spouse present. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.10, and the average family size was 3.48.<ref name="2020 census"/>

36.2% of the village's population were under the age of 18, 53.2% were 18 to 64, and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28.2. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the village was $63,313, and the median income for a family was $61,042. About 27.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 44.4% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 64.6% of the population were employed, and 8.6% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 938 people, 372 households, and 228 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1103.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 448 housing units at an average density of {{convert|527.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 372 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the village was 34.2 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,010 people, 365 households, and 269 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,165.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 408 housing units at an average density of {{convert|470.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 87.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 365 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,000, and the median income for a family was $34,808. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $25,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,266.  About 9.2% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 14.8% of those age 65 or over.

