==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 156
|1970= 143
|1980= 136
|1990= 132
|2000= 185
|2010= 172
|2020= 163
|estyear=2021
|estimate=168
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 16, 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 172 people, 64 households, and 49 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|226.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 64 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.4% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the town was 39.5 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 185 people, 63 households, and 48 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|242.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.08% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 49.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.48.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.8% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,125, and the median income for a family was $46,406. Males had a median income of $30,125 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,258. About 6.7% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

