==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 261 people, 113 households, and 81 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 117.2/km{{sup|2}} (303.8/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 150 housing units at an average density of 67.3/km{{sup|2}} (174.6/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 98.08% [[Race (United States census)|White]], 1.75% [[Race (United States census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States census)|African American]] and 1.15% [[Race (United States census)|Native American]].  0.77% of the population were [[Race (United States census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 113 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,481.  About 18.8% of families and 22.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of those under the age of 18 and 19.1% of those 65 or over.

