==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 210
|1900= 181
|1910= 168
|1920= 146
|1930= 149
|1940= 136
|1950= 127
|1960= 132
|1970= 151
|1980= 140
|1990= 121
|2000= 130
|2010= 151
|2020= 103
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 151 people, 60 households, and 39 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|838.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|383.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 33.3 years. 35.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 130 people, 53 households, and 40 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|737.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 53 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $33,333 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,523. There were 5.0% of families and 11.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.0% of under eighteens and 6.9% of those over 64.

