==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 209
|1890= 196
|1900= 168
|1910= 161
|1920= 218
|1930= 329
|1940= 261
|1950= 272
|1960= 214
|1970= 335
|1980= 360
|1990= 279
|2000= 285
|2010= 281
|2020= 214
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 285 people, 118 households, and 80 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|169.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.1|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 74.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 22.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $28,625 versus $17,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,425. About 4.2% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those 65 or over.

