==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 832
|1910= 911
|1920= 933
|1930= 968
|1940= 1126
|1950= 1022
|1960= 904
|1970= 1090
|1980= 1258
|1990= 1083
|2000= 1109
|2010= 1162
|2020= 952
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,162 people, 475 households, and 329 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1150.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 523 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 475 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the town was 43.2 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,109 people, 466 households, and 313 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,106.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 517 housing units at an average density of {{convert|516.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.90% of the population.

There were 466 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,053, and the median income for a family was $40,536. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,042. About 8.5% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over

