==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 215
| 1940 = 267
| 1950 = 320
| 1960 = 230
| 1970 = 266
| 1980 = 352
| 1990 = 195
| 2000 = 159
| 2010 = 175
| 2020 = 108
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 102
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2015|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 159 people, 66 households, and 39 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|104.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 60.38% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 35.22% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.52% from two or more races. 2.52% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 66 households, out of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males and for every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,250, and the median income for a family was $37,750. Males had a median income of $22,000 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,568. About 2.7% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.2% of those 65 or over.

