==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 230
|1890= 596
|1900= 368
|1910= 306
|1920= 276
|1930= 232
|1940= 316
|1950= 271
|1960= 263
|1970= 247
|1980= 319
|1990= 481
|2000= 530
|2010= 745
|2020= 808
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 745 people, 275 households, and 194 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1049.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.1% of the population.

There were 275 households, of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.5% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the town was 32.9 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 530 people, 210 households, and 139 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,031.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 76.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.45% of the population.

There were 210 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $48,250, and the median income for a family was $51,875. Males had a median income of $32,857 versus $26,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,487. About 11.7% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.4% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

