==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 278
|1950= 224
|1960= 185
|1970= 222
|1980= 317
|1990= 224
|2000= 248
|2010= 239
|2020= 271
|estyear=2022
|estimate=270
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 13, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 239 people, 99 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|702.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 99 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.4% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 43.4 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 248 people, 95 households, and 64 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|695.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|297.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.44% of the population.

There were 95 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,563, and the median income for a family was $29,688. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,447. About 12.7% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.6% of those 65 or over.

