==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 697
|1900= 773
|1910= 800
|1920= 646
|1930= 578
|1940= 598
|1950= 626
|1960= 730
|1970= 798
|1980= 805
|1990= 637
|2000= 706
|2010= 701
|2020= 621
|estimate= 613
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/pennville-demographics|title=Pennville Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 701 people, 292 households, and 180 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1402.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 342 housing units at an average density of {{convert|684.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 292 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the town was 39.6 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 706 people, 284 households, and 191 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1800.0|PD/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 316 housing units at an average density of {{convert|805.7|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 284 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,688, and the median income for a family was $31,111. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,182. About 8.5% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

