==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 78
|1890= 157
|1960= 179
|1970= 180
|1980= 252
|1990= 159
|2000= 136
|2010= 99
|2020= 78
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 136 people, 59 households and 35 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|418.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 16.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

Of the 59 households, 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living in them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder, and 39% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 100 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $15,313, and the median income for a family was $22,500. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $14,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,935. There were 18.4% of families and 16.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.

Two churches are located in Hickory Valley with over 30-year histories: Hickory Valley [[Methodist]] Church and Hickory Valley [[Baptist]] Church.<ref name="HV"/>

