==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 113
| 1920 = 488
| 1930 = 495
| 1940 = 366
| 1950 = 241
| 1960 = 145
| 1970 = 111
| 1980 = 90
| 1990 = 120
| 2000 = 134
| 2010 = 106
| 2020 = 111
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 134 people, 45 households, and 39 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 38.2 people per square mile (14.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 55 housing units at an average density of 15.7 per square mile (6.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 89.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.43% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.3% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.8% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $40,278. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,738. There were 11.1% of families and 7.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

