==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 152
|2020= 120
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Monmouth first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Monmouth had a population of 120. The population density was {{convert|389.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Monmouth was 47 (39.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.8%) [[African Americans|African American]], 6 (5.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 43 (35.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 22 (18.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 81 persons (67.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Monmouth CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0648592 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 33 households, out of which 19 (57.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 14 (42.4%) were married-couple households, 2 (6.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 11 (33.3%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 6 (18.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 9 households (27.3%) were one person, and 5 (15.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.64.<ref name=DP1/> There were 23 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (69.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Monmouth CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0648592 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 24 people (20.0%) under the age of 18, 16 people (13.3%) aged 18 to 24, 32 people (26.7%) aged 25 to 44, 24 people (20.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 24 people (20.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 36.2{{nbsp}}years. There were 62 males and 58 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, which were all occupied, 17 (51.5%) by homeowners, and 16 (48.5%) by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

