==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 688
|1960= 1168
|1970= 982
|1980= 896
|1990= 768
|2000= 683
|2010= 798
|2020= 706
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 683 people, 267 households, and 194 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|578.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 391 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 65.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 30.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 37.34% of the population.

There were 267 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,833, and the median income for a family was $33,393. Males had a median income of $31,111 versus $19,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,728. About 16.6% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 21.6% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

