==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 625
|1880= 607
|1890= 447
|1900= 453
|1910= 361
|1920= 338
|1930= 274
|1940= 298
|1950= 330
|1960= 382
|1970= 417
|1980= 418
|1990= 415
|2000= 517
|2010= 466
|2020= 566
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 466 people, 213 households, and 137 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|266.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 213 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the city was 47.6 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 40.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 517 people, 216 households, and 149 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|288.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 216 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $51,875. Males had a median income of $32,426 versus $26,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,442.  About 1.5% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

