==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 1679
|1900= 2300
|1910= 2941
|1920= 1556
|1930= 1116
|1940= 1050
|1950= 804
|1960= 721
|1970= 626
|1980= 740
|1990= 569
|2000= 623
|2010= 562
|2020= 482
|estyear=2021
|estimate=477
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2020 United States Census there were 482 people, 230 households in the borough. The population density was 119.6 people per square mile (46/km{{sup|2}}). There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 96.68% White, 0.41% Hispanic or Latino, 0.21% Asian, 0%  Black or African American, 0%  American Indian and Alaska Native, 0% Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander 0.21% some other race, and 0.29% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website - Austin Borough, Pennsylvania |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US4203576 |access-date=2008-01-31 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

There were 230 households, 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were married couples living together, 30.9% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 13.9% had a female householder with no spouse present. The average household size was 3.49.

In the borough the population by age range was 6.8% under the age of 5, 19% from age 5 to 18, 56.2% from age 18 to 64, and 18% 65 or older. The median age was 39.6 years.

The median household income was $48,750. The median income for families was $60,417, median income for married-couple families was $71,071, and median income for non-family households was $30,817.

Poverty, 3.2% of the population in Austin were below the [[poverty line]], compared to 12.0% of all people in Pennsylvania,

Education level people 25 years and older in Austin was, high school or equivalent degree 49.1%, some college (no degree) 29.4%, Associate degree 3.7%, Bachelor's degree 6.1%, Graduate or professional degree 0%.

Employment classification of the population of Austin was, employee of private company workers 77.1%, self-employed in own incorporated business workers 1.0%, private not-for-profit wage and salary workers 9.4%, local, state, and federal government workers 11.8%, and self-employed in own not incorporated business workers and unpaid family workers 0.7%.

Employment and labor force status, 61.4% of the population was employed at the time of the latest census.

The portion of the population in Austin with any sort of disability is 17.4%, and 8.6% of the total population lacks health insurance coverage.

