==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 301
|1920= 374
|1930= 423
|1940= 362
|1950= 436
|1960= 375
|1970= 286
|1980= 182
|1990= 121
|2000= 73
|2010= 66
|2020= 60
|estyear=2021
|estimate=62
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 23, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 23, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 66 people, 32 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|235.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.2% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 56.3% were non-families. 53.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 73 people, 40 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|258.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 40 households, out of which 15.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.5% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $13,571, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $28,250 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,264. There were 50.0% of families and 53.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 76.0% of under eighteens and 38.5% of those over 64.

