==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 184
| 1980 = 238
| 1990 = 183
| 2000 = 250
| 2010 = 201
| 2020 = 358
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 201 people, 109 households, and 63 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|81.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 727 housing units at an average density of {{convert|295.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 109 households, of which 11.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 2.24.

The median age in the village was 59.8 years. 7.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 35.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 250 people, 132 households, and 78 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 129.6 people per square mile (50.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 568 housing units at an average density of 294.4 per square mile (113.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]] and 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 132 households, out of which 12.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 10.0% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 18.4% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 30.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,667, and the median income for a family was $73,750. Males had a median income of $35,500 versus $35,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $41,977. None of the families and 2.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including none under the age of 18 and 4.8% of those over 65 years of age.

