==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 139
|1920= 500
|1930= 570
|1940= 562
|1950= 554
|1960= 687
|1970= 663
|1980= 635
|1990= 469
|2000= 401
|2010= 393
|2020= 427
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archive-date=April 26, 2015|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|archive-date=December 27, 1996|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 393 people, 161 households, and 115 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|473.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 161 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 401 people, 163 households, and 109 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|488.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 163 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $11,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,558. About 10.3% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.8% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

