==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 489
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 183 people, 92 households, and 59 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 8.0 people per square mile (3.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 1,035 housing units at an average density of {{convert|45.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 63.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 20.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.55% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 14.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.45.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.8% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 12.0% from 25 to 44, 35.5% from 45 to 64, and 35.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $34,792. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,314. None of the families and 2.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

At its peak, St. Marie was home to over 7,000 permanent residents and intended to house nearly 10,000.

