==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 165
|1880= 183
|1890= 143
|1900= 150
|1910= 137
|1920= 144
|1930= 114
|1940= 129
|1950= 101
|1960= 93
|1970= 72
|1980= 58
|1990= 54
|2000= 59
|2010= 53
|2020= 47
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, 59 people, 24 households, and 19 families resided in the town. The population density was {{convert|741.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|351.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 88.14% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 11.86% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 24 households, of which 25.0% had children under 18 living with them; 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together; 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present; and 20.8% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 40.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $54,167, and the median income for a family was $136,039. Males had a median income of $51,667 versus $65,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $51,694, [[Alabama locations by per capita income|unusually high for the state]]. No families and 4.3% of the population are living below the [[poverty line]], including 3.33% of those over 64.

