==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 386
|1890= 695
|1900= 627
|1910= 689
|1920= 679
|1930= 649
|1940= 842
|1950= 749
|1960= 774
|1970= 808
|1980= 976
|1990= 866
|2000= 932
|2010= 901
|2020= 861
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 861 people, 326 households, and 225 families in Burrton.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 970.7 per square mile (374.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 383 housing units at an average density of 431.8 per square mile (166.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 86.88% (748) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (85.02% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 1.28% (11) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.46% (4) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.46% (4) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 1.74% (15) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.18% (79) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 6.39% (55) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 326 households, 35.6% had children under the age of 18; 48.5% were married couples living together; 24.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 24.8% of households consisted of individuals and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.8 and the average family size was 3.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 11.8% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

28.2% of the population was under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 99.4 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $57,813 (with a margin of error of +/- $11,941) and the median family income was $66,833 (+/- $5,956).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $36,406 (+/- $7,525) versus $20,119 (+/- $3,553) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $27,196 (+/- $4,990).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 14.8% of families and 20.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under the age of 18 and 14.8% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Burrton%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 901 people, 347 households, and 237 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1001.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 396 housing units at an average density of {{convert|440.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.2% of the population.

There were 347 households, of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the city was 36.2 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 932 people, 361 households, and 251 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,520.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 402 housing units at an average density of {{convert|656.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.97% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.15% of the population.<ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-3-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 2000 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref><ref>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-18.pdf U.S. Census Bureau - 1990 Census, Population and Housing Unit Counts for Kansas]</ref>

There were 361 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $33,646, and the median income for a family was $37,174. Males had a median income of $29,643 versus $21,477 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,835. About 9.9% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

