==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 538
|1910= 444
|1920= 702
|1930= 678
|1940= 742
|1950= 799
|1960= 848
|1970= 861
|1980= 888
|1990= 651
|2000= 720
|2010= 650
|2020= 532
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Boyle Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2808180&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|256
|48.12%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|242
|45.49%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.19%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.38%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|10
|1.88%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|21
|3.95%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 532 people, 329 households, and 213 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 720 people, 268 households, and 191 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|712.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 52.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 45.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 268 households, out of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,429, and the median income for a family was $28,500. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $30,104 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,181. About 19.5% of families and 27.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.2% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

