==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 794
|1930= 779
|1940= 1012
|1950= 1191
|1960= 1140
|1970= 870
|1980= 929
|1990= 659
|2000= 611
|2010= 605
|2020= 562
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=July 23, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 605 people, 292 households, and 168 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|852.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 357 housing units at an average density of {{convert|502.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 292 households, of which 17.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.5% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the town was 57 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 32.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 611 people, 294 households, and 171 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|866.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 387 housing units at an average density of {{convert|548.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 294 households, out of which 18.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were married couples living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.5% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 15.1% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 31.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,294, and the median income for a family was $34,531. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $21,538 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,093. About 3.5% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those age 65 or over.

