==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 571
| 2000 = 849
| 2010 = 988
| 2020 = 1077
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Pine Island, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Pine%20Island%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 20, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 849 people, 295 households, and 225 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|91.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 333 housing units at an average density of {{convert|35.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.03% of the population.

There were 295 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 15.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the town, the population distribution was as follows: 28.5% were under the age of 18, 9.2% were between 18 and 24, 28.0% were between 25 and 44, 23.2% were between 45 and 64, and 11.1% were 65 or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.1 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 102.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $50,714. Males had a median income of $34,167 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,597. About 4.7% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

