==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 306
|1900= 547
|1910= 551
|1920= 600
|1930= 575
|1940= 682
|1950= 691
|1960= 611
|1970= 557
|1980= 593
|1990= 524
|2000= 595
|2010= 535
|2020= 546
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 535 people, 246 households, and 143 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|396.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 246 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 45.2 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 595 people, 268 households, and 165 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|470.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 284 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 268 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,308, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $28,000 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,517.  About 9.1% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

