==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 408 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 239.48 people per square mile (125.95/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 138 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 26.7% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 57.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 11.5% from two or more races. 74.5% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Brecon CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Brecon_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3908378 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=3 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 333 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.0% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 52.9% had a female householder with no spouse present. 52.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 52.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57, and the average family size was 4.24.<ref name="2020 census"/>

32.5% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 44.7% were 18 to 64, and 22.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.3. For every 100 females, there were 99.8 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $63,588, and the median income for a family was $65,720. About 37.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 51.4% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 44.7% of the population were employed, and 62.2% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

