==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 125
| 1930 = 218
| 1940 = 258
| 1950 = 219
| 1960 = 242
| 1970 = 224
| 1980 = 279
| 1990 = 365
| 2000 = 306
| 2010 = 284
| 2020 = 241
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 22, 2014}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref name="2014 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 7, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 284 people, 121 households, and 75 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|308.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 40.5 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 306 people, 133 households, and 80 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 492.4 people per square mile (190.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 146 housing units at an average density of 234.9 per square mile (90.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 133 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,438, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $25,469 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,851. About 3.8% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

