==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 391
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 441 people, 159 households, and 110 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|83.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 8.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 65.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.85% of the population.

There were 159 households, out of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $18,125, and the median income for a family was $22,308. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $19,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,079. About 27.8% of families and 39.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.3% of those under age 18 and 52.2% of those age 65 or over.

