==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 377
|1900= 641
|1910= 328
|1920= 352
|1930= 292
|1940= 312
|1950= 209
|1960= 175
|1970= 133
|1980= 67
|1990= 75
|2000= 66
|2010= 43
|2020= 47
|estyear=2022
|estimate=48
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 14, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 14, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 43 people, 22 households, and 11 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|159.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 22 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 45.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the town was 49.5 years. 18.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 66 people, 25 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|206.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.33% White, 13.64% Native American, and 3.03% from two or more races.

There were 25 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were married couples living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $37,750 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,593. There were 8.7% of families and 4.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

