==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 50
|1920= 400
|1930= 411
|1940= 418
|1950= 433
|1960= 352
|1970= 464
|1980= 510
|1990= 528
|2000= 510
|2010= 464
|2020= 459
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 464 people, 166 households, and 114 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1546.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|630.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 166 households, of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 42.8 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 510 people, 172 households, and 129 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,812.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|664.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.96% of the population.

There were 172 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $39,531. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,730. About 5.5% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

