==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 156
|1920= 286
|1930= 341
|1940= 301
|1950= 237
|1960= 310
|1970= 225
|1980= 344
|1990= 228
|2000= 388
|2010= 708
|2020= 369
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 Census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 388 people, 145 households, and 100 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|777.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|322.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 98.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.12% of the population.

There were 145 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $36,016. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,080. About 5.9% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

