==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 198
|1930= 139
|1940= 139
|1950= 143
|1960= 169
|1970= 112
|1980= 111
|1990= 74
|2000= 61
|2010= 45
|2020= 41
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 45 people, 20 households, and 16 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|409.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|236.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.3% of the population.

There were 20 households, of which 15.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 11.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.7% were from 25 to 44; 46.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 61 people, 25 households, and 17 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|579.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|361.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 25 households, out of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 144.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 130.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $53,125, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $34,583 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,511. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

