==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 129
|2010= 165
|2020= 169
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 165 people, 62 households, and 47 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1178.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|507.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 62 households, of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 40.9 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.1% were from 25 to 44; 35.2% were from 45 to 64; and 8.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 129 people, 48 households, and 33 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|904.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|413.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 48 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,313, and the median income for a family was $31,563. Males had a median income of $28,036 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,108. There were 17.2% of families and 15.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.7% of under eighteens and 27.3% of those over 64.

