==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 331
|1910= 646
|1920= 726
|1930= 575
|1940= 544
|1950= 477
|1960= 419
|1970= 398
|1980= 293
|1990= 186
|2000= 188
|2010= 185
|2020= 188
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 185 people, 73 households, and 48 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|637.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 73 households, of which 46.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 26.8 years. 31.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 14% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.3% were from 25 to 44; 18.3% were from 45 to 64; and 7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 188 people, 77 households, and 48 families residing in the city, including the Weber household. The population density was {{convert|628.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|304.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 77 households, of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.00.

Mokane's population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $55,625, and the median income for a family was $73,750. Males had a median income of $44,250 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,175. About 6.5% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

