==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 396
|1920= 561
|1930= 532
|1940= 493
|1950= 508
|1960= 433
|1970= 413
|1980= 440
|1990= 345
|2000= 322
|2010= 322
|2020= 346
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===

At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> there were 322 people, 152 households and 91 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|657.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 180 housing units at an average density of {{convert|367.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.{{cn|date=July 2025}}

There were 152 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.1% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.78.{{cn|date=July 2025}}

The median age was 49 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.{{cn|date=July 2025}}

===2000 census===

At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 322 people, 152 households and 86 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|658.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|388.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.{{cn|date=July 2025}}

There were 152 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 40.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.86.{{cn|date=July 2025}}

19.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 32.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.{{cn|date=July 2025}}

The [[median household income]] was $28,056 and the median family income was $38,472. Males had a median income of $26,389 and females $18,500. The [[per capita income]] was $15,670. About 4.4% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.{{cn|date=July 2025}}

