==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 327
|1910= 812
|1920= 445
|1930= 495
|1940= 505
|1950= 479
|1960= 535
|1970= 567
|1980= 651
|1990= 690
|2000= 635
|2010= 762
|2020= 799
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 762 people, 310 households, and 191 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|504.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 310 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 32.2 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.4% were from 25 to 44; 17.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 635 people, 262 households, and 165 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|459.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.94% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population. 53.5% were of [[germans|German]], 9.0% [[Irish people|Irish]], 7.6% [[swedish people|Swedish]] and 6.1% [[norwegians|Norwegian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 262 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.01

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,219, and the median income for a family was $40,455. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,971.  About 5.9% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.

References{{reflist}}

