==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 484
|1900= 559
|1910= 576
|1920= 766
|1930= 743
|1940= 695
|1950= 541
|1960= 512
|1970= 449
|1980= 447
|1990= 396
|2000= 407
|2010= 382
|2020= 382
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 382 people, 171 households, and 103 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1061.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|558.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 171 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.8% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 43.1 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 407 people, 179 households, and 107 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,136.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|555.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 179 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

As of 2000, the median income for a household in the village was $28,333, and the median income for a family was $32,708. Males had a median income of $26,705 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,138. About 10.8% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

