==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 153
|1940= 151
|1950= 190
|1960= 229
|1970= 456
|1980= 601
|1990= 540
|2000= 652
|2010= 642
|2020= 647
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 642 people, 229 households, and 170 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1834.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|722.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 13.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.0% of the population.

There were 229 households, of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.8% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the village was 33.5 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 652 people, 237 households, and 172 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,859.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|707.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.06% of the population.

There were 237 households, out of which 42.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $39,219. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $19,722 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,259. About 7.6% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 1.9% of those age 65 or over.

