==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 867
|2000= 952
|2010= 1243
|2020= 1160
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 952 people, 230 households, and 200 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|124.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 255 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 0.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 98.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 230 households, out of which 54.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 43.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.0% were non-families. 10.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.14 and the average family size was 4.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 49.4% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 12.1% from 45 to 64, and 2.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 18 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $15,395, and the median income for a family was $15,774. Males had a median income of $20,179 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,165. About 51.2% of families and 53.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.8% of those under age 18 and 50.0% of those age 65 or over.

By 2010, the population in Fort Totten had increased to 1,243.<ref name="census">[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html "Fort Totten, North Dakota"], 2010 U.S. Decennial Census</ref>

