==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 932
|1880= 951
|1890= 836
|1900= 859
|1910= 816
|1920= 731
|1930= 833
|1940= 823
|1950= 1078
|1960= 1205
|1970= 1277
|1980= 1359
|1990= 1517
|2000= 1587
|2010= 1525
|2020= 1466
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,525 people, 616 households, and 405 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1556.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 661 housing units at an average density of {{convert|674.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 616 households, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 38.1 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,587 people, 615 households, and 418 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,703.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 645 housing units at an average density of {{convert|692.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.07% of the population.

There were 615 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,380, and the median income for a family was $54,205. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $27,639 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,223.  About 3.7% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.

