==Demographics==

===Allgood===
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1960= 147
|1970= 272
|1980= 387
|1990= 464
|2000= 629
|2010= 622
|2020= 548
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="U.S. Decennial Census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Allgood first appeared on the 1960 U.S. Census as an incorporated town.<ref name="www2.census.gov">{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alabama |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/37721510v1p2ch2.pdf |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150912175612/http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/37721510v1p2ch2.pdf |archive-date=September 12, 2015 |url-status=live |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1960}}</ref>

===2020 Census data===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Allgood racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0101396&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|233
|42.52%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|7
|1.28%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.18%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.36%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.18%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|17
|3.1%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|287
|52.37%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 548 people, 208 households, and 152 families residing in the town.

===2000 Census data===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 629 people, 189 households, and 140 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|606.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.94% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 12.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.18% from two or more races. 43.40% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 189 households, out of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.33 and the average family size was 3.80.

In the town, the population dispersal was 30.7% under the age of 18, 14.8% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 4.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.9 males. The median income for a household in the town was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $31,058 versus $25,486 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,729. About 23.4% of families and 27.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.9% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

===Chepultepec/Allgood Precinct (1890–1950)===
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 1479
| 1900 = 720
| 1910 = 763
| 1920 = 841
| 1930 = 920
| 1940 = 877
| 1950 = 917
|2020= 548
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="U.S. Decennial Census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
The precinct containing Allgood first appeared on the 1890 U.S. Census under its earlier name of Chepultepec, as the 11th precinct of Blount County. In 1950, the precinct was renamed Allgood.<ref>{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alabama |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/23761117v1ch04.pdf |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110609092155/http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/23761117v1ch04.pdf |archive-date=June 9, 2011 |url-status=live |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1950}}</ref> In 1960, the precinct was merged as part of a larger reorganization of counties into the census division of [[Oneonta, Alabama|Oneonta]].<ref name="www2.census.gov" />

