==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 172
|1900= 77
|1910= 114
|1920= 74
|1930= 128
|1940= 121
|1950= 123
|1960= 126
|1970= 150
|1980= 251
|1990= 242
|2000= 315
|2010= 398
|2020= 382
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 398 people, 158 households, and 110 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|829.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 158 households, of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% consisted of someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 36.8 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were between 25 and 44; 29.3% were between 45 and 64; and 11.6% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 315 people, 130 households, and 82 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|809.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.86% of the population.

There were 130 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% consisted of someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.98.

Of the population, 26.0% were under the age of 18, 7.0% aged between 18 and 24, 27.9% between 25 and 44, 26.0% between 45 and 64, and 13.0%, 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males; among those 18 and over, for every 100 females there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,341, and the median income for a family was $37,031. Males had a median income of $29,000 versus $16,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,147. About 8.0% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those 65 or over.

