==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 197
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of [[2000 United States census|2000]], there were 54 people, 28 households, and 15 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|38.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.85% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.85% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races.

There were 28 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.4% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.47.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 11.1% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 42.6% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $17,500 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,118. There were 30.0% of families and 34.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

