==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 177
|1910= 131
|1920= 156
|1930= 155
|1940= 170
|1950= 103
|1960= 58
|1970= 80
|1980= 71
|1990= 112
|2000= 123
|2010= 103
|2020= 81
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 123 people, 48 households, and 33 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|493.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 11.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.70% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,964, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $33,333 versus $19,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,897. There were 12.5% of families and 21.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.9% of under eighteens and 10.0% of those over 64.--> {{clear|left}}

