==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 548
|1890= 501
|1900= 475
|1910= 472
|1920= 441
|1930= 328
|1940= 429
|1950= 361
|1960= 386
|1970= 374
|1980= 350
|1990= 331
|2000= 318
|2010= 284
|2020= 218
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1746695 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 218 people, 81 households, and 48 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|1,345.68|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|820.99|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 81 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.91% were married couples living together, 6.17% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.74% were non-families. 35.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.99% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 2.23.

The village's age distribution consisted of 24.9% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $48,250, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,554. About 22.9% of families and 31.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.5% of those under age 18 and 30.6% of those age 65 or over.

<ref name="Census profile: Maquon, IL">{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Maquon, IL |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1746695-maquon-il/ |access-date=2024-05-17 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

{{clear left}}

