==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 433
| 1990 = 412
| 2000 = 432
| 2010 = 487
| 2020 = 629
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 811
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Bauxite racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0504090&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 543
| 86.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 33
| 5.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.79%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 0.79%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 24
| 3.82%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 18
| 2.86%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 629 people, 214 households, and 173 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 432 people, 161 households, and 127 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|180.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.45% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.62% from two or more races.  2.31% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 161 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.5% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,347, and the median income for a family was $37,153. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,406.  About 8.5% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

