==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|40
|1930|205
|1940|233
|1950|249
|1960|234
|1970|241
|1980|275
|1990|272
|2000|290
|2010|264
|2020|270
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 270 people, 112 households, and 81 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 695.4 inhabitants per square mile (268.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 116 housing units at an average density of 298.8 per square mile (115.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from other races and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.1% of the population.

Of the 112 households, 28.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% were cohabitating couples, 21.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 17.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.7% of all households were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 44.0 years. 25.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 and 44; 27.8% were from 45 and 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 264 people, 108 households, and 82 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|733.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|322.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 108 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.1% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 290 people, 111 households, and 85 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|806.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (288 people) and 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] (2 people). None of the population is [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 111 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,315. About 6.0% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

