==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 269
|1900= 234
|1910= 238
|1920= 175
|1930= 153
|1940= 110
|1950= 100
|1960= 68
|1970= 47
|1980= 59
|1990= 42
|2000= 32
|2010= 29
|2020= 30
|estyear=2021
|estimate=34
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 29 people, 13 households, and 8 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|241.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100% [[white (U.S. Census)|white]].

There were 13 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.5% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 35.3 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 32 people, 15 households, and 9 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|264.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100% [[white (U.S. Census)|white]].

There were 15 households, out of which 20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 40.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,554. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

