==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 231
|1920= 74
|1930= 86
|1940= 172
|1950= 72
|1960= 51
|1970= 34
|1980= 54
|1990= 39
|2000= 73
|2010= 127
|2020= 141
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

The following is derived from the US census and covers only the town itself, thus giving only a partial picture of the area. About half of the homes in Crestone itself are used only on a seasonal basis. The Crestone community is much larger, consisting also of several hundred homes in the Baca Grande subdivision, the surrounding rural area, and the small town of [[Moffat, Colorado]]. The Moffat School District No. 2 operates a public school in Moffat and the Crestone Charter School in Crestone.<ref name="NCES">{{cite web |url=https://nces.ed.gov/ccd/districtsearch/district_detail.asp?Search=2&details=1&ID2=0805700&DistrictID=0805700 |website=nces.ed.gov |access-date=October 12, 2022|title=District Directory Information (2021-2022 school year)}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 73 people, 45 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|290.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|314.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.9% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 4.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 1.4% of the population were [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 45 households, out of which 8.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 60.0% don't fit into the above categories. 48.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.62 and the average family size was 2.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 8.2% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 45.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females there were 102.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $22,813 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,291. There were 18.8% of families and 19.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
{{clear|left}}

