==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 613
|1930= 911
|1940= 895
|1950= 1117
|1960= 1095
|1970= 906
|1980= 825
|1990= 663
|2000= 555
|2010= 600
|2020= 683
|estyear=2022
|estimate=673
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=March 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010,<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfiner2.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 14, 2012}}</ref> there were 600 people, 258 households, and 132 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1224.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 319 housing units at an average density of {{convert|651.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 258 households, of which 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.8% were non-families. 45.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age was 46.6 years. 11.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 37.8% male and 62.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 555 people, 266 households and 155 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,106.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 320 housing units at an average density of {{convert|637.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 98.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 266 households, of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.77.

20.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,764 and the median family income was $39,063. Males had a median income of $30,357 and females $16,667. The [[per capita income]] was $17,489. About 7.0% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

