==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 462
|1870= 703
|1880= 1145
|1890= 1133
|1900= 1154
|1910= 1314
|1920= 1374
|1930= 1339
|1940= 1403
|1950= 1510
|1960= 1822
|1970= 1993
|1980= 1939
|1990= 1942
|2000= 1852
|2010= 1857
|2020= 1707
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 25, 2013}}</ref><ref>Data in historical populations table from {{citation|title=US Census, 1890|year = 1891|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=40kUAAAAYAAJ&q=census%20pataskala&pg=RA1-PA151}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1920|year = 1921|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=oei2AAAAIAAJ&q=census+pataskala&pg=PA565}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1950|year = 1952| isbn=9780598466846 |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=32pQAAAAYAAJ&q=census%20pataska%201930&pg=SA35-PA18}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1970|year = 1973|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=4j0YAAAAYAAJ&q=1970%20census%20ohio%20%22heath%22&pg=SA37-PA15}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 2000|isbn = 9781428986060|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=9A1ElkbD3YcC&q=1990%20census%20ohio&pg=PA21}}; {{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 25, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,857 people, 696 households, and 499 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|751.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 794 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 696 households, of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.3% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 34.1 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,852 people, 678 households, and 536 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|834.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 744 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 678 households, out of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,994, and the median income for a family was $40,559. Males had a median income of $35,737 versus $23,807 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,474. About 10.4% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.

