==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 64
|1890= 498
|1900= 721
|1910= 1058
|1920= 1073
|1930= 981
|1940= 1075
|1950= 1117
|1960= 1033
|1970= 906
|1980= 887
|1990= 804
|2000= 690
|2010= 589
|2020= 558
|estyear=2021
|estimate=546
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 1, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 1, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 589 people, 247 households, and 141 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|745.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 288 housing units at an average density of {{convert|364.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 75.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 247 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 48.3 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.7% were from 45 to 64; and 30.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 690 people, 285 households, and 171 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|878.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|403.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 82.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.74% of the population.

There were 285 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 17.8% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 31.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,563, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $25,500 versus $20,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,062. About 10.3% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.5% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

