==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 163
|1970= 209
|1980= 241
|1990= 89
|2000= 171
|2010= 191
|2020= 167
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 191 people, 78 households, and 50 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|636.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.09% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.09% from two or more races.

There were 78 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 171 people, 70 households, and 46 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|534.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.34% from two or more races.

There were 70 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.5% under the age of 18, 15.2% from 18 to 24, 18.1% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,864, and the median income for a family was $29,750. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,207. About 9.8% of families and 21.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 56.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

