==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 285
|1920= 473
|1930= 500
|1940= 423
|1950= 465
|1960= 410
|1970= 301
|1980= 330
|1990= 301
|2000= 278
|2010= 334
|2020= 331
|estyear=2022
|estimate=328
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 10, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 10, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 334 people, 141 households, and 90 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|428.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 164 housing units at an average density of {{convert|210.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 141 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 37.7 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 278 people, 129 households, and 74 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|362.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.44% from two or more races.

There were 129 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,321, and the median income for a family was $31,375. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,640. About 10.8% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.8% of those under the age of 18 and 21.0% of those 65 or over.

