==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 194
|1910= 330
|1920= 223
|1930= 263
|1940= 205
|1950= 179
|1960= 137
|1970= 130
|1980= 147
|1990= 130
|2000= 156
|2010= 136
|2020= 129
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 136 people, 59 households, and 34 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|357.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|173.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 59 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 41.3 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 156 people, 64 households, and 38 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|423.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 64 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,968. None of the families and 4.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

