==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 268
|1870= 410
|1880= 502
|1890= 683
|1900= 881
|1910= 942
|1920= 911
|1930= 900
|1940= 1005
|1950= 858
|1960= 875
|1970= 967
|1980= 1161
|1990= 988
|2000= 1001
|2010= 974
|2020= 943
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 974 people, 417 households, and 265 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1411.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 467 housing units at an average density of {{convert|676.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 417 households, of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 39.6 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,001 people, 411 households, and 286 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,424.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 466 housing units at an average density of {{convert|663.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 411 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,875, and the median income for a family was $35,192. Males had a median income of $26,691 versus $18,194 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,360. About 10.4% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

