==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|163
|1920|254
|1930|310
|1940|329
|1950|351
|1960|328
|1970|324
|1980|283
|1990|238
|2000|227
|2010|225
|2020|186
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 186 people, 92 households, and 57 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 245.9 inhabitants per square mile (94.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 107 housing units at an average density of 141.5 per square mile (54.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 88.7% [[White Americans|White]], 5.9% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3.2% from other races and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 6.5% of the population.

Of the 92 households, 19.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% were cohabitating couples, 22.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 28.3% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.0% of all households were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 49.2 years. 15.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 7.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 and 44; 39.2% were from 45 and 64; and 21.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.6% male and 41.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 225 people, 102 households, and 58 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|277.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.6% of the population.

There were 102 households, of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 41.7 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 227 people, 110 households, and 53 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|225.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.93% of the population.

There were 110 households, out of which 19.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.8% were non-families. 44.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $25,357 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,816. About 7.7% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.2% of those 65 or over.

