==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 152
|1970= 174
|1980= 631
|1990= 736
|2000= 904
|2010= 682
|2020= 620
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 682 people, 259 households, and 202 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|524.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 259 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.0% were non-families. 17.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 44.8 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 34.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 904 people, 318 households, and 274 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|622.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.99% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.21% of the population.

There were 318 households, out of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.8% were non-families. 11.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $62,250, and the median income for a family was $68,214. Males had a median income of $48,333 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $36,196. About 5.0% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.9% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

