==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 227
|1950= 326
|1960= 264
|1970= 410
|1980= 583
|1990= 693
|2000= 966
|2010= 1004
|2020= 1056
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1090
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=March 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,004 people, 451 households, and 322 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|79.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,019 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 451 households, of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the city was 51.5 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 36.3% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 966 people, 436 households, and 327 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|75.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 858 housing units at an average density of {{convert|67.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 436 households, out of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.4% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 37.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $51,500, and the median income for a family was $56,563. Males had a median income of $41,319 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $33,387.  About 2.5% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

