==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 226
|1910= 571
|1920= 521
|1930= 421
|1940= 357
|1950= 449
|1960= 402
|1970= 337
|1980= 330
|1990= 275
|2000= 237
|2010= 216
|2020= 178
|estyear=2022
|estimate=178
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 216 people, 94 households, and 55 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|407.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.4% male and 55.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 237 people, 111 households, and 68 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|512.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population, which equates to a single individual.

There were 111 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,107, and the median income for a family was $42,000. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,493. About 5.6% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.9% of those 65 or over.

