==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|348
|1890|540
|1900|762
|1910|728
|1920|809
|1930|812
|1940|854
|1950|884
|1960|893
|1970|877
|1980|913
|1990|1089
|2000|887
|2010|876
|2020|906
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 906 people, 359 households, and 240 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 717.4 inhabitants per square mile (277.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 380 housing units at an average density of 300.9 per square mile (116.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 85.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.4% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 3.3% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.5% from other races and 7.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 8.5% of the population.

Of the 359 households, 32.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% were cohabitating couples, 25.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 21.2% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.1% of all households were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 36.8 years. 29.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.0% were from 25 and 44; 24.6% were from 45 and 64; and 17.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 876 people, 356 households, and 225 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|689.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|296.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 356 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 41.1 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 887 people, 361 households, and 237 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|706.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 381 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.16% of the population.

There were 361 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

24.6% were under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,204, and the median income for a family was $33,594. Males had a median income of $29,886 versus $19,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,554. About 9.2% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

