==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 144
|2010= 165
|2020= 199
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Seldovia Village first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP). It partially superseded the former CDP of Jakolof Bay, which existed from 1980-90 (population 36, 1980; 28, 1990), and was dissolved in 2000.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 144 people, 62 households, and 40 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|7.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 56.25% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 36.81% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 2.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.17% from two or more races. 0.69% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 62 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 45.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $40,500. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,396. There were 16.7% of families and 23.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

