==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = Sources:<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref><ref name="Census 2010"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2000 = 7253
| 2010 = 6054
| 2020 = 5482
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2"/> there were 7,253 people, 1,282 households, and 1,275 families in the CDP. The population density is 657.1/mi{{sup|2}} (253.7/km{{sup|2}}). There were 1,316 housing units at an average density of 46.0/km{{sup|2}} (119.2/mi{{sup|2}}). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 76.7% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 8.1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 1.3% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], 4.7% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], 0.8% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Pacific Islander]], 3.9% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 4.6% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 10.2% of the population.

Of the 1,282 households 79.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 93.4% were married couples living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 0.5% were non-families. 0.4% of households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.55 and the average family size was 3.54.

The age distribution was 27.5% under the age of 18, 23.4% from 18 to 24, 47.1% from 25 to 44, 2.0% from 45 to 64, and 0.1% 65 or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 198.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 263.1 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the CDP was $32,246, and the median family income  was $32,105. Males had a median income of $28,856 versus $21,000 for females. The per capita income in the CDP was $16,383. About 8.5% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.4% of those under the age of 18 and none ages 65 or older.

