==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 868
| 1920 = 666
| 1930 = 508
| 1940 = 524
| 1950 = 510
| 1960 = 435
| 1970 = 377
| 1980 = 382
| 1990 = 431
| 2000 = 466
| 2010 = 438
| 2020 = 357
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 438 people, 171 households, and 119 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|267.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.0% of the population.

There were 171 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 38 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 466 people, 177 households, and 109 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 285.3 people per square mile (110.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 193 housing units at an average density of 118.2 per square mile (45.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 177 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $41,375. Males had a median income of $29,250 versus $21,944 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,969. About 4.1% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

