==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2010= 1056
|2020= 963
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,056 people, 417 households, and 280 families residing in the CDP. There were 482 housing units, of which 65, or 13.5%, were vacant. 35 of the vacant units were for seasonal or recreational use. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.9% [[White Americans|white]], 0.6% [[African American]], 0.6% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], and 0.9% two or more races. 0.7% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3367460| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Sanbornville CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 12, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213120104/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3367460| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 417 households in the CDP, 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were headed by married couples living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53, and the average family size was 3.03.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

23.9% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 8.4% were from age 18 to 24, 24.5% were from 25 to 44, 31.1% were from 45 to 64, and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $45,352, and the median income for a family was $55,655. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,007.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3367460| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Sanbornville CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 12, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213104744/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3367460| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

