==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 53
|1890= 179
|1900= 248
|1910= 319
|1920= 369
|1930= 361
|1940= 366
|1950= 357
|1960= 390
|1970= 380
|1980= 445
|1990= 446
|2000= 399
|2010= 402
|2020= 400
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 402 people, 173 households, and 116 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1435.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|689.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 173 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 399 people, 179 households, and 117 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,476.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|703.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.50% from two or more races.

There were 179 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,426, and the median income for a family was $49,375. Males had a median income of $28,942 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $24,000. About 0.9% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.4% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

