==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,448 people, 787 households, and 571 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 144.5 people per square mile (55.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,156 housing units at an average density of 68.3/sq&nbsp;mi (26.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.25% of the population.

There were 787 households, out of which 45.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were married couples living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.11 and the average family size was 3.61.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 38.1% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,357, and the median income for a family was $34,141. Males had a median income of $31,853 versus $19,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,733. About 27.7% of families and 36.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

Since the 1990s the community has experienced a considerable influx of Russians and Russian Americans, many of whom are evangelical Christians who were granted asylum in the United States.<ref>{{cite web|last1=Cook|first1=Rebecca|title=Russians drawn to Peaceful Valley enclave|url=https://archive.seattletimes.com/archive/20020608/kendall08/russians-drawn-to-peaceful-valley-enclave|website=The Seattle Times|access-date=12 January 2016}}</ref> 34.7% of the children and 24% of the general population speak [[Russian language|Russian]] as a first language and 12.2% of the population were born in Russia.<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20060619224705/http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |url-status=dead |archive-date=June 19, 2006 |title=Data Center Results |accessdate=August 10, 2013 }}</ref>

