==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 516
|1920= 516
|1930= 526
|1940= 542
|1950= 650
|1960= 707
|1970= 921
|1980= 1097
|1990= 1152
|2000= 1192
|2010= 1316
|2020= 1357
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="2020censusDEC"/><ref>[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html "Census of Population and Housing"] . ''United States Census Bureau''. Retrieved December 27, 2013.</ref>
<ref>[http://www.villageofblackcreek.com/uploads/archived/29175_2013-Apr-30_Demographic%20Profile.pdf "Demographic Profile - Village of Black Creek Outagamie Co. Wis.] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160810105926/http://www.villageofblackcreek.com/uploads/archived/29175_2013-Apr-30_Demographic%20Profile.pdf |date=August 10, 2016 }}. ''Village of Black Creek''. Retrieved March 17, 2018.</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2020censusDEC"/> of 2020, there were 1,357 people residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1357|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}} with 545 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,316 people, 513 households, and 354 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1277.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 540 housing units at an average density of {{convert|524.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% White, 1.4% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.8% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 513 households, of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 32.2 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.2% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/> of 2000, there were 1,192 people, 485 households, and 335 families residing in the village. The population density was 1,145.5 people per square mile (442.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 513 housing units at an average density of 493.0 per square mile (190.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.73% White, 1.01% Native American, 0.08% Asian, 0.08% from other races, and 1.09% from two or more races. 1.09% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 485 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,946, and the median income for a family was $49,896. Males had a median income of $32,128 versus $25,286 for females. The per capita income for the village was $18,226. About 5.2% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

