==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 56
|1890= 215
|1900= 432
|1910= 435
|1920= 527
|1930= 593
|1940= 576
|1950= 585
|1960= 629
|1970= 571
|1980= 606
|1990= 517
|2000= 575
|2010= 534
|2020= 535
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 12, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 534 people, 232 households, and 157 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1722.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|838.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 232 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 575 people, 242 households, and 161 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,838.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|857.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 242 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,595, and the median income for a family was $39,844. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,658.  About 8.3% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

