==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|align=left
| footnote = Sources:<ref name="Census 2010"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2010 = 5233
| 2020 = 5967
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2010, there were 5,233 people, 1,215 households, and 924 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 2,143.4 people per square mile (829.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,288 housing units at an average density of 845.0/sq&nbsp;mi (327.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 80.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.0% from two or more races. 3.6% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,215 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.9% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,290, and the median income for a family was $56,935. Males had a median income of $43,445 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,234. 10.3% of the population and 7.8% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 18.4% of those under the age of 18 and 5.4% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

