==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Sereno del Mar had a population of 107. The population density was {{convert|145.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Sereno del Mar was 92 (86.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.9%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (1.9%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1 (0.9%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 11 (10.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 7 persons (6.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Sereno del Mar CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0671000 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 55 households, out of which 5 (9.1%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 33 (60.0%) were married-couple households, 3 (5.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 14 (25.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 5 (9.1%) had a male householder with no partner present. 10 households (18.2%) were one person, and 4 (7.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.95.<ref name=DP1/> There were 40 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (72.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Sereno del Mar CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0671000 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 5 people (4.7%) under the age of 18, 10 people (9.3%) aged 18 to 24, 12 people (11.2%) aged 25 to 44, 41 people (38.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 39 people (36.4%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 55.9{{nbsp}}years. There were 48 males and 59 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|175.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 55 (42.6%) were occupied. Of these, 43 (78.2%) were owner-occupied, and 12 (21.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

