==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 504
|1920= 583
|1930= 692
|1940= 736
|1950= 883
|1960= 1070
|1970= 1037
|1980= 1454
|1990= 1344
|2000= 1259
|2010= 1112
|2020= 1090
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 1,090 people residing in the town. There were 526 housing units. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the town was 62.3% [[Non-Hispanic whites|White]], 32.2% [[African Americans|African American or Black]], 1.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from other races, and 3.3% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,112 people residing in the town.<ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Brookneal town, Virginia |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=February 14, 2012 }}</ref> There were 567 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 62.1% White, 36.3% African American or Black, 0.2% American Indian, 0.0% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 0.4% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0% of the population.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,259 people, 509 households, and 325 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 360.0 people per square mile (138.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 580 housing units at an average density of 165.8 per square mile (64.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 63.78% White, 34.71% African American, 0.56% from other races, and 0.95% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 509 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 79.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.0 males.

From the 2009 census data, the median income for a household in the town was $31,824, and the median income for a family was $42,779.  The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,248. About 15.2% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.5% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

