==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 793
|1860= 647
|1870= 671
|1880= 600
|1900= 559
|1910= 568
|1920= 620
|1930= 700
|1940= 798
|1950= 879
|1960= 968
|1970= 1051
|1980= 1103
|1990= 1136
|2000= 983
|2010= 904
|2020= 852
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 904 people, 417 households, and 226 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2511.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 460 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1277.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 417 households, of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.8% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 46.2 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

