==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1737
|2010= 1662
|2020= 1508
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,662 people, 682 households, and 476 families residing in the hamlet. The population density was {{convert|486.01|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 837 housing units at an average density of {{convert|290.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.05% of the population.

[http://www.usa.com/niverville-ny.htm Niverville median household income is $62,679 in 2006-2010] and has grown by 35.41% since 2000. The income growth rate is higher than the state average rate of 24.79% and is much higher than the national average rate of 19.17%. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,109. About 2.8% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

There were 682 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.

