==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 200
|1940= 142
|1950= 141
|1960= 139
|1970= 156
|1980= 139
|1990= 82
|2000= 82
|2010= 76
|2020= 68
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 76 people, 44 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|475.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 44 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 47.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.73 and the average family size was 2.36.

The median age in the town was 53 years. 11.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.8% were from 25 to 44; 38.2% were from 45 to 64; and 30.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 82 people, 41 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|487.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.44% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 19.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.3% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,812. There were no families and 7.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.9% of those over 64.

