==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 298
|1890= 299
|1900= 231
|1910= 237
|1920= 201
|1930= 218
|1940= 270
|1950= 333
|1960= 417
|1970= 418
|1980= 412
|1990= 362
|2000= 339
|2010= 290
|2020= 299
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 290 people, 116 households, and 76 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|284.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 116 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.5% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 42.7 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 339 people, 136 households, and 85 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|332.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.01% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,159, and the median income for a family was $36,458. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,403.  About 7.1% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

