==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 139
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{{See also|List of Massachusetts locations by per capita income}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 152 people, 81 households, and 46 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 244.5/km{{sup|2}} (625.6/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 152 housing units at an average density of 244.5/km{{sup|2}} (625.6/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 81 households, out of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.2% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.39.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.8% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 38.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,589, and the median income for a family was $34,444. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the island was $19,927. None of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

