==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 224
|1910= 481
|1920= 277
|1930= 343
|1940= 571
|1950= 667
|1960= 677
|1970= 650
|1980= 648
|1990= 574
|2000= 503
|2010= 528
|2020= 517
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 528 people, 257 households, and 118 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|371.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 257 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.1% were non-families. 47.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 40.9 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 503 people (as of 2009, it was estimated to have 530<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.lmic.state.mn.us/datanetweb/tmp/csv058.csv |title=Minnesota Population and Household Estimates |publisher=Minnesota Geospatial Information Office }}</ref>), 254 households, and 112 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,131.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population. 48.5% were of [[Finns|Finnish]], 18.5% [[Germans|German]], 6.5% [[Swedish people|Swedish]] and 5.9% [[Polish people|Polish]] ancestry.

There were 254 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.9% were non-families. 49.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,977, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,649.  About 12.0% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of those under age 18 and 25.4% of those age 65 or over.

