==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 1087
|2010= 1024
|2020= 886
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,087 people, 312 households, and 234 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|25.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 414 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 2.0% from two or more races.  1.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 312 households, out of which 47.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were married couples living together, 28.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.48 and the average family size was 4.19.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 42.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $12,353, and the median income for a family was $20,208. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $22,788 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,219.  About 53.8% of families and 53.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 55.7% of those under age 18 and 51.4% of those age 65 or over.

