==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 2119
|2010= 2411
|2020= 2760
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="uscb"/><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name="uscb">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |title=U.S. Census website |access-date=July 4, 2011 }}</ref> there were 2,411 people, 971 households, and 670 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|304.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 934 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 971 households, out of which 26.4% had children 18 and under living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.96. 12.1% of the population are [[veterans]].

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 20, 4.0% from 20 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For all ages, there were 48.7% males and 51.3% females. There were 1,111 total housing units. 87.4% (971) of which were occupied and 12.6% (140) vacant. The largest portion of vacant houses consisting of non-rented/occupied and not for sale at 6.0% (67).

The median income for a household in the CDP was $47,737 and the median income for a family was $59,375. Male full-time, year-round workers had a median income of $43,192 versus $31,008 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $25,689. About 3.1% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.3% of those over the age of 65 and none of those age 18 and under. Most reported sales and office occupations at 41.6%, then 21.7% in management, business, science, and arts occupations, 15.4% production, transportation, and material moving occupations, 11.0% natural resources, construction, and maintenance occupations, and 4.8% in service occupations.

In the CDP, it was reported that 4.8% of the population had less than a 9th grade education, 9th-12th no diploma at 11.6%, high school or equivalent at 46.2%, some college no degree at 17.0%, [[associate's degree]] at 6.4%, [[bachelor's degree]] at 10.6% and [[graduate degree]] or [[professional degree]] at 4.3%. Thus, the percent [[High school (North America)|high school]] graduate or higher is reported to be 83.5% and those with a [[bachelor's degree]] or higher at 14.9%.

