==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 305
| 1930 = 418
| 1940 = 458
| 1950 = 444
| 1960 = 455
| 1970 = 506
| 1980 = 512
| 1990 = 475
| 2000 = 435
| 2010 = 450
| 2020 = 423
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 450 people, 205 households, and 116 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|576.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 205 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.4% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 435 people, 188 households, and 128 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 603.4 people per square mile (233.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 273.3 per square mile (105.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 188 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,019, and the median income for a family was $40,375. Males had a median income of $26,042 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,309. About 2.8% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.

