==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 182
|1920= 136
|1930= 183
|1940= 193
|1950= 192
|1960= 178
|1970= 141
|1980= 124
|1990= 107
|2000= 125
|2010= 129
|2020= 86
|estyear=2022
|estimate=88
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 28, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 28, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 129 people, 48 households, and 33 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|129.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the city was 37.6 years. 31.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 6.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 125 people, 50 households, and 39 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|124.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.20% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.0% were non-families. 14.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 36.0% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $40,313. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,043. There were no families and 1.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.

