==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 581
|2010= 547
|2020= 372
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 88%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 12%
|}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 581 people, 126 households, and 106 families living in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|108.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 2% White, 97% Native American, and 1% from two or more races.  1% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>
Of the 126 households 49% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54% were married couples living together, 22% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15% were non-families. 14% of households were one person and 2% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 4.1 and the average family size was 4.6.

The age distribution was 47% under the age of 18, 10% from 18 to 24, 24% from 25 to 44, 16% from 45 to 64, and 3% 65 or older.  The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median household income was $16,583 and the median family income  was $20,234. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $18,750 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $5,490.  About 42% of families and 44% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48% of those under age 18 and 35% of those age 65 or over.

