==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 430
|1900= 297
|1910= 274
|1920= 258
|1930= 233
|1940= 210
|1950= 186
|1960= 179
|1970= 144
|1980= 110
|1990= 112
|2000= 136
|2010= 90
|2020= 122
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 90 people, 40 households, and 26 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|562.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 40 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the village was 41.5 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 136 people, 54 households, and 40 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|798.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|346.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.74% from two or more races.

There were 54 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $19,000, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,241. There were 28.1% of families and 30.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 38.2% of under eighteens and 35.7% of those over 64.

