==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 477
| 2010 = 455
| 2020 = 448
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{{See also|List of Massachusetts locations by per capita income}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 477 people, 187 households, and 154 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 497.8/km{{sup|2}} (1,300.6/mi{{sup|2}}). There were 229 housing units at an average density of 239.0/km{{sup|2}} (624.4/mi{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 187 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 14.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $70,536, and the median income for a family was $78,540. Males had a median income of $50,208 versus $43,646 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,097. None of the families and 1.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

