==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that the Mad River CDP had a population of 361. The population density was {{convert|10.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 313 (86.7%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 9 (2.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 13 (3.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0 (0.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 26 (7.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 21 persons (5.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Mad River CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0645092 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 28, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 169 households, out of which 41 (24.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 71 (42.0%) were married-couple households, 4 (2.4%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 43 (25.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 51 (30.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 48 households (28.4%) were one person, and 27 (16.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.14.<ref name=DP1/> There were 101 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (59.8% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Mad River CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0645092 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 28, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 43 people (11.9%) under the age of 18, 16 people (4.4%) aged 18 to 24, 88 people (24.4%) aged 25 to 44, 123 people (34.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 91 people (25.2%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 54.9{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 169 (62.4%) were occupied. Of these, 136 (80.5%) were owner-occupied, and 33 (19.5%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

