==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 298
| 1890 = 438
| 1900 = 558
| 1910 = 629
| 1920 = 588
| 1930 = 577
| 1940 = 611
| 1950 = 608
| 1960 = 596
| 1970 = 585
| 1980 = 701
| 1990 = 792
| 2000 = 964
| 2010 = 1035
| 2020 = 1117
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,035 people, 434 households, and 274 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|796.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 471 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 434 households, of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 35.1 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 964 people, 395 households, and 250 families living in the village.  As of the end of 2006, there was villagewide estimate of over 1,000 residents living there. The [[population density]] was 827.5 people per square mile (318.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 419 housing units at an average density of 138.3 persons/km<sup>2</sup> (359.7 persons/sq&nbsp;mi). The racial makeup of the village was 99.17% White, 0.41% [[African American]], 0.10% [[Native Americans of the United States|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asia]]n, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.10% from other races, and 0.21% from two or more races.  0.52% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 395 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% have a woman whose husband does not live with her, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,125, and the median income for a family was $54,821. Males had a median income of $37,132 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,514.  10.8% of the population and 7.7% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 13.2% are under the age of 18 and 14.2% are 65 or older.

