==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 517
|1960= 628
|1970= 799
|1980= 712
|1990= 572
|2000= 451
|2010= 468
|2020= 456
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="MT">{{cite web|url=http://ceic.mt.gov/Population/PopulationProjections.aspx|title=Census & Economic Information Center|access-date=July 3, 2015|archive-date=July 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150704224618/http://ceic.mt.gov/Population/PopulationProjections.aspx|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 468 people, 21 households, and 11 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1376.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|747.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 218 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.7% were non-families. 44.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the town was 51.3 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 32.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 451 people, 199 households, and 125 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,379.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 267 housing units at an average density of {{convert|816.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.11% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $25,156, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $22,813 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,938. About 13.6% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

