==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 301
|1880= 324
|1890= 350
|1900= 287
|1910= 283
|1920= 244
|1930= 202
|1940= 198
|1950= 154
|1960= 159
|1970= 157
|1980= 134
|1990= 106
|2000= 126
|2010= 98
|2020= 104
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 98 people, 42 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|376.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 126 people, 51 households, and 31 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|481.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 51 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,592. There were 13.8% of families and 11.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

