==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 49
|1900= 359
|1910= 542
|1920= 543
|1930= 522
|1940= 550
|1950= 425
|1960= 439
|1970= 400
|1980= 458
|1990= 448
|2000= 457
|2010= 403
|2020= 375
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|df=mdy}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 403 people, 171 households, and 121 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|610.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 171 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.2% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 47.1 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18% were from 25 to 44; 37.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |df=mdy }}</ref> of 2000, there were 457 people, 184 households, and 126 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|690.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|306.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 184 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $30,455, and the median income for a family was $39,464. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,967. About 3.4% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

