==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 200
|2020= 239
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Sierraville first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Sierraville had a population of 239. The population density was {{convert|47.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Sierraville was 200 (83.7%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 12 (5.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 27 (11.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 30 persons (12.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Sierraville CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0671848 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 94 households, out of which 25 (26.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 30 (31.9%) were married-couple households, 12 (12.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 31 (33.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 21 (22.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 36 households (38.3%) were one person, and 19 (20.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.54.<ref name=DP1/> There were 51 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (54.3% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Sierraville CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0671848 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 45 people (18.8%) under the age of 18, 7 people (2.9%) aged 18 to 24, 49 people (20.5%) aged 25 to 44, 72 people (30.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 66 people (27.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 55.4{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 94 (72.3%) were occupied. Of these, 62 (66.0%) were owner-occupied, and 32 (34.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

