==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 466
|1920= 408
|1930= 494
|1940= 569
|1950= 607
|1960= 580
|1970= 566
|1980= 511
|1990= 577
|2000= 539
|2010= 491
|2020= 438
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2013-01-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 491 people, 219 households, and 128 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|539.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 219 households, of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.6% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the town was 44.6 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 539 people, 232 households, and 134 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|580.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 266 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 232 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.2% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median household income in the town was $24,286, and the median family income was $28,750. Males had a median income of $26,591 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,292. About 18.2% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.9% of those under age 18 and 28.4% of those age 65 or over.

