==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 109
|1860= 140
|1870= 153
|1880= 186
|1890= 211
|1900= 247
|1910= 286
|1920= 258
|1930= 276
|1940= 294
|1950= 344
|1960= 359
|1970= 556
|1980= 363
|1990= 340
|2000= 332
|2010= 320
|2020= 315
|estyear=2023
|estimate=309
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US3933740|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 320 people, 138 households, and 86 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2133.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|980.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 138 households, of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 44.7 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 35% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 332 people, 134 households, and 103 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|3,330.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,424.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $43,438, and the median income for a family was $45,781. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,327. About 2.9% of families and 3.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

