==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 119
|1960= 88
|1970= 116
|1980= 126
|1990= 130
|2000= 107
|2010= 116
|2020= 114
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 116 people, 44 households, and 28 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|33.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 44 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the city was 42.5 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 107 people, 43 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|31.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 43 households, out of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,504. There were 16.7% of families and 11.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 35.3% of those over 64.

