==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 32
|1960= 194
|1970= 200
|1980= 192
|1990= 178
|2000= 175
|2010= 146
|2020= 163
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html Decennial US Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 175 people, 65 households, and 47 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|904.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|351.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.29% from two or more races.

There were 65 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,250, and the median income for a family was $52,813. Males had a median income of $36,607 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,642. None of the families and 1.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

