==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 128
|1960= 129
|1970= 153
|1980= 147
|1990= 111
|2000= 106
|2010= 100
|2020= 93
|estyear=2022
|estimate=93
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 8, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 8, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 100 people, 51 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|384.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|223.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 51 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.0% were non-families. 43.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 33% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.0% male and 42.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 106 people, 54 households, and 30 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|404.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|217.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 54 households, out of which 13.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 12.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 36.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,275. There were 7.1% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of under eighteens and 5.3% of those over 64.

