==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 764
|1960= 946
|1970= 996
|1980= 895
|1990= 848
|2000= 998
|2010= 1012
|2020= 1009
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===

{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Largest ancestries (2010) !! Percent 
|-
| [[German Americans|German]] || 63.0% 
|-
| [[Irish Americans|Irish]]  || 10.1%
|-
| [[English Americans|English]]   || 8.0%
|-
| [[Polish Americans|Polish]]  || 6.1%
|-
| [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]]  || 3.9%
|-
| [[Welsh Americans|Welsh]]  || 3.7%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,012 people, 383 households, and 283 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1466.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 405 housing units at an average density of {{convert|587.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 383 households, of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.1% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 36.7 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Largest ancestries (2000) !! Percent 
|-
| [[German Americans|German]] || 45.8% 
|-
| [[Irish Americans|Irish]] || 11.6%
|-
| [[English Americans|English]]|| 8.5%
|-
| [[American (ethnicity)|American]]  || 8.4% 
|-
| [[Polish Americans|Polish]] || 5.7%
|-
| [[French American|French]] || 4.0% 
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 998 people, 357 households, and 279 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,475.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|555.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.21% of the population.

There were 357 households, out of which 43.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $47,917, and the median income for a family was $51,382. Males had a median income of $40,278 versus $24,338 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,678. About 2.6% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.6% of those under age 18 and 1.4% of those age 65 or over.

