==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 679
|1900= 1077
|1910= 1875
|1920= 3125
|1930= 3857
|1940= 4036
|1950= 4521
|1960= 5381
|1970= 6366
|1980= 6657
|1990= 5957
|2000= 6730
|2010= 6618
|2020= 7191
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/soudertonboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census]],<ref>{{cite web |title=QuickFacts Souderton borough, Pennsylvania |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/soudertonboroughpennsylvania/PST045221 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=22 March 2023}}</ref> Souderton borough had a population of 7,191 with 2,737 households. This leaves a persons per household of 2.60.

Of the population, 84.7% were white, 2.1% Black or African American, 0.3% were American Indian or Alaska Native, 5.2% were Asian, 2.6% were two or more races, and 18.1% were Hispanic or Latino. There were 286 veterans living in the borough and 13.6% of the population were foreign born persons.

The owner-occupied housing unit rate for 2017-2021 was 60.1%. The median value of owner-occupied housing units was $238,900. The median monthly owner costs with a mortgage was $1,747, and those without a mortgage was $705. The median gross rent was $1,086. 94.1% of households had a computer and 89.4% of households had a broadband internet subscription. 87.5% of the population 25 years and older were high school graduates or higher and 25.7% of that same population had a bachelor's degree or higher.

10.6% of the population under 65 years old had a disability and 6.3% of the population under 65 years old were without health insurance.

The median household income was $72,448 and the [[per capita income]] for 12 months was $34,345.  8.7% of the population lived below the [[Poverty threshold]].

