==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 161
|2020= 181
|estyear=
|estimate= 
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Mabie first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Mabie had a population of 181. The population density was {{convert|49.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Mabie was 160 (88.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 3 (1.7%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1 (0.6%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 17 (9.4%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 8 persons (4.4%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Mabie CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0644672 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 23, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 98 households, out of which 26 (26.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 50 (51.0%) were married-couple households, 7 (7.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 22 (22.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 19 (19.4%) had a male householder with no partner present. 27 households (27.6%) were one person, and 15 (15.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.85.<ref name=DP1/> There were 64 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (65.3% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Mabie CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0644672 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 23, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 18 people (9.9%) under the age of 18, 4 people (2.2%) aged 18 to 24, 30 people (16.6%) aged 25 to 44, 63 people (34.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 66 people (36.5%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 59.7{{nbsp}}years. There were 89 males and 92 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 98 (85.2%) were occupied. Of these, 89 (90.8%) were owner-occupied, and 9 (9.2%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

===Politics===
In the [[California State Legislature|state legislature]], Mabie is in {{Representative|casd|1|fmt=sdistrict}},<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://senate.ca.gov/senators |title=Senators |accessdate=October 8, 2025  |publisher=State of California}}</ref> and {{Representative|caad|1|fmt=adistrict}}.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://assembly.ca.gov/assemblymembers |title=Members Assembly |accessdate=October 8, 2025 |publisher=State of California}}</ref>

Federally, Mabie is in {{Representative|cacd|3|fmt=district}}.<ref>{{Cite GovTrack|CA|3|accessdate=October 8, 2025}}</ref>

