==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 312
| 1900 = 400
| 1910 = 240
| 1920 = 360
| 1930 = 264
| 1940 = 450
| 1950 = 335
| 1960 = 289
| 1970 = 392
| 1980 = 436
| 1990 = 325
| 2000 = 396
| 2010 = 275
| 2020 = 165
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 150
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 396 people, 144 households, and 112 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|315.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 52.53% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 45.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.76% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.01% from two or more races.  0.51% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 144 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,063, and the median income for a family was $25,179. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,192.  About 19.1% of families and 25.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.5% of those under age 18 and 21.7% of those age 65 or over.

