==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 7
|1890= 142
|1900= 194
|1910= 275
|1920= 279
|1930= 228
|1940= 205
|1950= 184
|1960= 198
|1970= 244
|1980= 257
|1990= 247
|2000= 247
|2010= 216
|2020= 210
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>{{cbignore}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 216 people, 91 households, and 58 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1270.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|570.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 91 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.3% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 43 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 247 people, 99 households, and 66 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,501.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|607.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.62% of the population.

There were 99 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $45,469, and the median income for a family was $50,536. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $24,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,746. About 1.8% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

