==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 184
| 2000 = 124
| 2010 = 115
| 2020 = 118
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 113
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Jennette racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0535040&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=June 10, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|10
|8.47%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|106
|89.83%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|1
|0.85%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|1
|0.85%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''118'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 118 people, 45 households, and 16 families residing in the town.

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 115 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 93.9% Black and 6.1% White.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 124 people, 46 households, and 31 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|22.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 12.10% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 87.90% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 46 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,571. There were 20.7% of families and 45.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 71.9% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

