==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 102
|1960= 135
|1970= 233
|1980= 333
|1990= 164
|2000= 200
|2010= 182
|2020= 200
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Michiana is known for their log homes built in the 1920s.  It has been a popular vacation home area for [[Chicago]] residents, who are only {{convert|67|mi|km}} away.

Michiana is adjacent to [[Michiana Shores, Indiana|Michiana Shores]], [[Indiana]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 182 people, 105 households, and 58 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|491.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 373 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1008.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 105 households, of which 3.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.73 and the average family size was 2.21.

The median age in the village was 63 years. 4.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 7.6% were from 25 to 44; 43.8% were from 45 to 64; and 42.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 200 people, 108 households, and 60 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|512.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 360 housing units at an average density of {{convert|921.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 95.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 7.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 7.0% under the age of 18, 1.5% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 40.5% from 45 to 64, and 32.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $75,984, and the median income for a family was $110,991. Males had a median income of $65,500 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $63,558.  None of the families and 1.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

