==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 322
|1930= 244
|1940= 207
|1950= 232
|1960= 218
|1970= 186
|1980= 220
|1990= 179
|2000= 227
|2010= 238
|2020= 213
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 227 people, 90 households, and 63 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|529.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.57% of the population.

There were 90 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,083, and the median income for a family was $47,614. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,172. About 4.5% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.-->
{{clear|left}}

