==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 221
|1920= 561
|1930= 683
|1940= 677
|1950= 1010
|1960= 1039
|1970= 1119
|1980= 1034
|1990= 1174
|2000= 1153
|2010= 1019
|2020= 868
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing by Decades|publisher=[[US Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Inverness Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2835020&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 7, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|432
|49.77%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|410
|47.24%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.23%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.12%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|14
|1.61%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|9
|1.04%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 868 people, 355 households, and 256 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,019 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 50.7% Black, 47.6% White, 0.2% Native American, 0.6% Asian and 0.2% from two or more races. 0.7% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,153 people, 411 households, and 311 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|800.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 432 housing units at an average density of {{convert|299.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 59.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 39.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]],  0.78% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 411 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $31,912. Males had a median income of $26,429 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,050. About 26.6% of families and 34.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.8% of those under age 18 and 39.3% of those age 65 or over.

