==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 293
|1930= 344
|1940= 370
|1950= 413
|1960= 425
|1970= 393
|1980= 371
|1990= 372
|2000= 367
|2010= 381
|2020= 393
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 381 people, 152 households, and 102 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1229.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|558.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 152 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the town was 32.9 years. 32% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 367 people, 157 households, and 105 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,300.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|606.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.54% from two or more races. 43.3% were of [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 25.5% [[germans|German]] and 13.8% [[finns|Finnish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 157 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 16.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,688, and the median income for a family was $43,958. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,169. About 1.9% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.3% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

