==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 482
|1990= 331
|2000= 355
|2010= 335
|2020= 263
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 335 people, 124 households, and 93 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|859.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 124 households, of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the town was 35.5 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 355 people, 136 households, and 96 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|884.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|388.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.69% from two or more races.

There were 136 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,375, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $24,886 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,094. About 10.2% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

