==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 921
|1960= 1272
|1970= 1094
|1980= 1064
|1990= 1042
|2000= 1136
|2010= 1347
|2020= 1462
|estyear=2022
|estimate=
|estref=<ref name="Census-Estimate2022"/>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

Darrington is the third-smallest incorporated place in Snohomish County, ahead of [[Woodway, Washington|Woodway]] and [[Index, Washington|Index]], with a population of 1,462 as of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]].<ref name="Census-Profile"/><ref name="Herald-Census">{{cite news |last=Thompson |first=Joseph |date=August 13, 2021 |title=2020 Census: Snohomish County grows by more than 114,000 |url=https://www.heraldnet.com/news/2020-census-snohomish-county-grows-by-more-than-114000/ |work=The Everett Herald |accessdate=March 22, 2024}}</ref> Historically, the Darrington area's population peaked at an estimated 3,500 to 4,000 in the early 20th century during the heyday of logging in the area, which also attracted Scandinavian and Western European immigrants.<ref name="HistoryLink"/><ref>{{cite news |last=Duncan |first=Don |date=October 6, 1980 |title=Darrington: That feisty logging spirit mingles with a shot of heady mountain air and toe-tappin' bluegrass |page=B6 |work=The Seattle Times}}</ref> The town saw an influx of [[Appalachian Americans|Appalachian]] transplants from [[North Carolina]] (particularly the area around [[Sylva, North Carolina|Sylva]]) in the 1940s and 1950s,<ref name="Herald-NC">{{cite news |last=Muhlstein |first=Julie |date=April 8, 2014 |title=N.C. town with deep kinship to hold fundraiser |url=https://www.heraldnet.com/news/n-c-town-with-deep-kinship-to-hold-fundraiser/ |work=The Everett Herald |access-date=March 11, 2019}}</ref> whose families remain in the Darrington area, influencing traditions and local culture.<ref name="Times-South72"/><ref name="PI-Loyal">{{cite news |last=Denn |first=Rebekah |date=December 19, 1998 |title=Residents fiercely loyal to town |page=D1 |work=Seattle Post-Intelligencer}}</ref> The town's population has remained relatively stable since the 1960s, declining by 230 residents by 1990 and rebounding since then.<ref name="Times-South72"/><ref name="PI-1990"/><ref>{{cite news |last=Taylor |first=Chuck |date=February 1, 2013 |title=Snohomish County demographics from the census |url=http://www.heraldnet.com/news/snohomish-county-demographics-from-the-census/ |work=The Everett Herald |access-date=February 28, 2019}}</ref> Darrington predominantly has [[single-family housing|single-family]] residences, with only 36 [[multi-family housing|multi-family]] units reported in 2010.<ref name="CompPlan">{{cite web |year=2015 |title=Darrington Comprehensive Plan, 2015 Update |page=39 |url=https://townofdarrington.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Darrington-Comprehensive-Plan-2015-FINAL.pdf |publisher=Town of Darrington |ref={{SfnRef|Darrington Comprehensive Plan|2015}} |access-date=February 28, 2019}}</ref>

According to 2012 estimates by the U.S. Census Bureau, Darrington has a median family income of $60,750, and a [[per capita income]] of $18,047, [[Washington locations by per capita income|ranking 227th]] of 281 areas within the state of Washington.<ref name="ACS"/><ref>{{cite web |author=United States Census Bureau |date=May 2014 |title=Per Capita Income for Incorporated Cities in Washington State |url=http://www.ecy.wa.gov/programs/tcp/grants/Per%20Capita%20Income%20for%20Incorporated%20Cities%20%28Final%29.pdf |publisher=[[Washington State Department of Ecology]] |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150908032551/http://www.ecy.wa.gov/programs/tcp/grants/Per%20Capita%20Income%20for%20Incorporated%20Cities%20(Final).pdf |archive-date=September 8, 2015 |access-date=February 28, 2019}}</ref> Approximately 16.7 percent of families and 20.9 percent of the overall population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24 percent of those under the age of 18 and 8.9 percent aged 65 or older.<ref name="ACS"/> Darrington is described as economically [[Depression (economics)|depressed]] and has median household incomes that are far below the Snohomish County average.<ref>{{cite news |last=Thompson |first=Lynn |date=March 17, 2007 |title=Town grieves, takes stock after 3 deaths |page=H16 |url=http://old.seattletimes.com/html/localnews/2003622740_darrington17e.html |work=The Seattle Times |access-date=March 10, 2019}}</ref>

===2020 census===

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 1,462 people and 607 households living in Darrington, which had a [[population density]] of {{convert|93.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}.<ref name="Census2020"/><ref>{{cite web |title=QuickFacts: Darrington town, Washington |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/darringtontownywashington |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=February 28, 2026}}</ref> There were 648 total housing units, of which 93.7% were occupied and 6.3% were vacant or for occasional use. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the town was 83.7% [[White Americans|White]], 3.4% [[Native American]] and [[Alaskan Native]], 0.5% Black or [[African American]], 0.5% [[Asian American|Asian]], and 0.2% [[Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander]]. Residents who listed another race were 2.2% of the population and those who identified as more than one race were 9.6% of the population. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] residents of any race were 4.9% of the population.<ref name="Census2020">{{cite web |title=2020 Decennial Census DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=160XX00US5316690&tid=DECENNIALDP2020.DP1 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=February 28, 2026}}</ref>

Of the 607 households in Darrington, 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 11.5% were cohabitating but unmarried. Households with a male householder with no spouse or partner were 24.4% of the population, while households with a female householder with no spouse or partner were 23.2% of the population. Out of all households, 39.4% had residents who were 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020"/> There were 607 occupied housing units in Darrington, of which 72.2% were owner-occupied and 27.8% were occupied by [[renting|renters]].<ref name="Census2020"/>

The median age in the town was 43.3 years old for all sexes. Of the total population, 21.7% of residents were under the age of 19; 24.3% were between the ages of 20 and 39; 34.9% were between the ages of 40 and 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.<ref name="Census2020"/>

===2010 census===

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 U.S. census]], there were 1,347 people, 567 households, and 349 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|816.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 644 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 92.4 percent White, 2.4 percent Native American, 0.4 percent Asian, 0.5 percent from other races, and 4.2 percent from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino residents of any race were 3.2 percent of the population.<ref name="OFM-Census2010">{{cite web |author=United States Census Bureau |date=August 2, 2011 |title=Census 2010, Summary File 1: Darrington town, WA (16690) |pages=2–7 |url=https://ofm.wa.gov/wp-content/uploads/sites/default/files/public/legacy/pop/census2010/sf1/data/city/wa_2010_sf1_city_16000US5316690.pdf |publisher=[[Washington State Office of Financial Management]] |accessdate=February 28, 2026}}</ref>

There were 567 households, of which 30.9 percent had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8 percent were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5 percent had a female householder with no husband present, 7.2 percent had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4 percent were non-families. Individuals made up 32.6 percent of all households; and 13.1 percent had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.<ref name="OFM-Census2010"/>

The median age in the town was 41.4 years. Residents under the age of 18 accounted for 22.7 percent of the population, 7.7 percent were between the ages of 18 and 24, 24.9 percent were from 25 to 44, 28.1 percent were from 45 to 64 and 16.6 percent were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.9 percent male and 49.1 percent female.<ref name="OFM-Census2010"/>

