==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 203
|1920= 191
|1930= 199
|1940= 206
|1950= 136
|1960= 110
|1970= 36
|1980= 54
|1990= 21
|2000= 29
|2010= 35
|2020= 30
|estyear=2022
|estimate=28
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 35 people, 13 households, and 8 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|152.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, of which 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.5% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 33.3 years. 40% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 2.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 42.9% male and 57.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 29 people, 14 households and 9 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|129.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 14 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 35.7% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.67.

17.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 37.9% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,500 and the median family income was $30,625. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,100. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

