==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 859
|1910= 1828
|1920= 2198
|1930= 2472
|1940= 2516
|1950= 2465
|1960= 2553
|1970= 2713
|1980= 2314
|1990= 2096
|2000= 1917
|2010= 1781
|2020= 1918
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1910">{{cite web|title=Population-Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/36894832v3ch4.pdf|work=U.S. Census 1910|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1930">{{cite web|title=Number and Distribution of Inhabitants:Pennsylvania-Tennessee|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch09.pdf|work=Fifteenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref><ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="CensusPopEst">{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=19 October 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,917 people, 784 households, and 512 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was 4,805.1 people per square mile (1,850.4 per km<sup>2</sup>). There were 825 housing units at an average density of 2,067.9 per square mile (796.3 per km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the borough was 95.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 784 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 33.9% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $54,926, and the median income for a family was $66,875. Males had a median income of $44,107 versus $33,393 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $26,408. About 2.7% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.

