==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 1323
|1950= 2544
|1960= 8178
|1970= 10420
|1980= 8809
|1990= 8637
|2000= 8018
|2010= 7533
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/technical-documentation/research/evaluation-estimates/2020-evaluation-estimates/2010s-counties-total.html/|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2010-2020|access-date=June 22, 2021}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=8624}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 7,533 people, 3,777 households, and 1,925 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2310.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 4,088 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1254.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 3,777 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.0% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 45.9 years. 16.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 3,768 households, and 2,053 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 2,387.5 people per square mile (921.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 3,922 housing units at an average density of 1,167.8 per square mile (450.7/km<sup>2</sup>).

There were 3,768 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $48,034, and the median income for a family was $58,635. Males had a median income of $40,267 versus $30,912 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,072. About 2.2% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

