==Demographics==

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Paducah racial composition'''<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4854600&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 19, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|628
|59.08%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|94
|8.84%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|2
|0.19%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|35
|3.29%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|304
|28.6%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,063'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,063 people, 575 households, and 287 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 1350
| 1920 = 1357
| 1930 = 2802
| 1940 = 2677
| 1950 = 2952
| 1960 = 2392
| 1970 = 2052
| 1980 = 2216
| 1990 = 1788
| 2000 = 1498
| 2010 = 1186
| 2020 = 1063
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,498 people, 650 [[households]], and 421 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|985.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 820 housing units at an average density of {{convert|539.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.29% of the population.

There were 650 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 24.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 26.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,333, and the median income for a family was $30,652. Males had a median income of $26,184 versus $16,131 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,778. About 15.4% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of those under age 18 and 17.8% of those age 65 or over.

