==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 25
|1920= 153
|1930= 351
|1940= 329
|1950= 343
|1960= 371
|1970= 346
|1980= 273
|1990= 242
|2000= 223
|2010= 160
|2020= 127
|estyear=2022
|estimate=121
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 12, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 12, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 160 people, 59 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|592.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|281.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 33.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 58.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 6.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 59 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.28.

The median age in the town was 34.5 years. 31.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 223 people, 71 households, and 54 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|830.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 39.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 59.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.24% of the population.

There were 71 households, out of which 46.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were married couples living together, 28.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.9% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.14 and the average family size was 3.48.

In the town the population was spread out, with 40.8% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $23,594. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,824. About 21.6% of families and 29.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.6% of those 65 or over.

