==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 342
|2000= 380
|2010= 287
|2020= 294
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 380 people, 130 households and 121 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|6,300.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,155.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 130 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 86.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 6.9% were non-families. 6.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.04.

25.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 33.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $73,250 and the median family income was $72,750. Males had a median income of $50,625 and females $31,500. The [[per capita income]] was $29,849. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

