==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 117
|1890= 139
|1900= 326
|1910= 943
|1920= 1212
|1930= 1599
|1940= 938
|1950= 867
|1960= 1066
|1970= 1306
|1980= 1445
|1990= 1553
|2000= 1461
|2010= 1334
|2020= 1272
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Pelahatchie racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2856200&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|772
|60.69%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|409
|32.15%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|6
|0.47%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|40
|3.14%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|45
|3.54%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,272 people, 613 households, and 489 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,461 people, 525 households, and 387 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|454.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 585 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 61.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 36.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.52% of the population.

There were 525 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,597, and the median income for a family was $37,313. Males had a median income of $28,145 versus $20,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,950. About 11.5% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.9% of those under age 18 and 27.6% of those age 65 or over.

