==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 185
|1870= 156
|1880= 247
|1890= 216
|1900= 215
|1910= 230
|1920= 204
|1930= 225
|1940= 223
|1950= 297
|1960= 345
|1970= 291
|1980= 277
|1990= 208
|2000= 194
|2010= 197
|2020= 164
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 197 people, 76 households, and 55 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|339.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 76 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 194 people, 71 households, and 50 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|383.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 71 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 113.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,417, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $40,938 versus $25,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,676. About 9.4% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

