==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1910|179
|1920|195
|1930|232
|1940|232
|1950|257
|1960|223
|1970|245
|1980|278
|1990|271
|2000|266
|2010|239
|2020|220
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 220 people, 102 households, and 70 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 892.7 inhabitants per square mile (344.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 114 housing units at an average density of 462.6 per square mile (178.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.5% of the population.

Of the 102 households, 27.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% were cohabitating couples, 27.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 17.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 31.4% of all households were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 21.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 and 44; 32.3% were from 45 and 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.1% male and 45.9% female.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 239 people, 109 households, and 64 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|956.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|488.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 109 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.6% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 266 people, 109 households, and 70 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,056.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|484.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.63% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,031, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $30,208 versus $17,188 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,980. About 1.4% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.2% of those 65 or over.

