==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 175
|1930= 306
|1940= 320
|1950= 453
|1960= 416
|1970= 462
|1980= 524
|1990= 450
|2000= 517
|2010= 438
|2020= 376
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2919072|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 438 people, 179 households, and 127 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1123.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 205 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 179 households, of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.1% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 517 people, 204 households, and 136 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,175.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|504.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 204 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $39,250. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $15,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,622. About 13.1% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 25.6% of those age 65 or over.

