==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 253
|1890= 266
|1910= 457
|1920= 617
|1930= 664
|1940= 645
|1950= 714
|1960= 739
|1970= 792
|1980= 886
|1990= 852
|2000= 819
|2010= 705
|2020= 675
|estyear=2021
|estimate=671
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 705 people, 323 households, and 197 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|839.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|452.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 323 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 43.2 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 819 people, 345 households, and 240 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,034.5 inhabitants per square mile (400.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 394 housing units at an average density of 497.7 per square mile (192.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.85% from two or more races.

There were 345 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,569, and the median income for a family was $20,882. Males had a median income of $29,063 versus $16,442 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,125. About 33.9% of families and 37.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.1% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

