==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 108
|1980= 264
|1990= 346
|2000= 471
|2010= 368
|2020= 461
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Topsail Beach racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3768040&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 444
| 96.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 1.08%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 4
| 0.87%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 8
| 1.74%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 461 people, 202 households, and 131 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 471 people, 252 households, and 159 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|107.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 9.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.26.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 7.0% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 44.2% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The average income for a household in the town is $55,750, and the median income for a family was $64,167. Males had a median income of $45,313 versus $25,139 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $35,838. About 0.8% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 3.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

