==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 10350
|2010= 9888
|2020= 8918
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Bloomingdale racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4706640&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 26, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 8,305
| 93.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 51
| 0.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 19
| 0.21%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 29
| 0.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.01%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 340
| 3.81%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 173
| 1.94%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 8,918 people, 3,977 households, and 2,449 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 10,350 people, 4,264 households, and 3,176 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,004.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 4,594 housing units at an average density of {{convert|445.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 4,264 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,096, and the median income for a family was $35,503. Males had a median income of $27,357 versus $18,614 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,241. About 9.6% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.5% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

