==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 394
| 1930 = 950
| 1940 = 603
| 1950 = 464
| 1960 = 346
| 1970 = 301
| 1980 = 258
| 1990 = 194
| 2000 = 168
| 2010 = 145
| 2020 = 121
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=2015-06-04}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Estelline, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Estelline%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 12, 2024}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 145 people, 54 households, and 30 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|195|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 occupied housing units and 30 vacant housing units. The racial makeup of the city was 84.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 9.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 51.7% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 54 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 42.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 20 to 24, 2.1% from 25 to 29, 4.1% from 30 to 34, 6.2% from 35 to 39, 8.9% from 40 to 49, 19.3% from 50 to 59, 4.1% from 60 to 64 and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32.5 years. A total of 74.0 females and a total of 71.0 males reside in the city. 52.0 females and 47.0 males were 18 years of age or older.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the city was $16,667, and the median income for a family was $33,019. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,035. About 40.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].<ref name="GR2" />

Educational attainment: percent high school graduate or higher was 57.1%.
<ref name="GR2" />

