==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 663
|1890= 1413
|1900= 1685
|1910= 1729
|1920= 1713
|1930= 1546
|1940= 1850
|1950= 1654
|1960= 1505
|1970= 1513
|1980= 1504
|1990= 1533
|2000= 1578
|2010= 1442
|2020= 1356
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,442 people, 590 households, and 348 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|728.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 680 housing units at an average density of {{convert|343.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 590 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,578 people, 632 households, and 396 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 823.0 people per square mile (317.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 692 housing units at an average density of 360.9 per square mile (139.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 632 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,859, and the median income for a family was $42,452. Males had a median income of $31,699 versus $24,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,529. About 9.9% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

