==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 437
|1920= 428
|1930= 365
|1940= 431
|1950= 410
|1960= 455
|1970= 463
|1980= 503
|1990= 577
|2000= 689
|2010= 653
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=624}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 653 people, 267 households, and 164 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|518.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 293 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 267 households, of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.1% male and 45.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 689 people, 274 households, and 180 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 545.0 people per square mile (211.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 286 housing units at an average density of 226.2 per square mile (87.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.29% from two or more races. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 274 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 34.5% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,548, and the median income for a family was $50,795. Males had a median income of $32,250 versus $22,308 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,887. About 3.6% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.1% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

