==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 471
|1970= 458
|1980= 463
|1990= 517
|2000= 1113
|2010= 1486
|2020= 1585
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Stanfield racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3764460&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,454
| 91.74%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 19
| 1.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 0.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 34
| 2.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 72
| 4.54%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,585 people, 611 households, and 591 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,113 people, 439 households, and 320 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|249.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 459 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.44% of the population.

There were 439 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,250, and the median income for a family was $52,813. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $25,521 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,666. About 5.9% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.

