==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 176
|1950= 241
|1960= 190
|1970= 181
|1980= 287
|1990= 126
|2000= 165
|2010= 231
|2020= 230
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 23, 2025}}</ref> of 2020, there were 230 people and 92 households in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1150.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|550|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 9.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.8% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13% had a male householder with no wife present. 13% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.09 and the average family size was 3.58.

The median age in the town was 47.2 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 67% were 21 years or older; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50% male and 50% female.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,000, and the median income for a family was $58,333. 18.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 38% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.6% of those 65 or over. The employment rate was 43.9%.

38.6% of the population aged 25 and older held a high school diploma. 25.9% had some college but no degree, while 10.7% held an associate's degree, 13.7% held a bachelor's degree, and 3% held a graduate or professional degree.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov" /> of 2010, there were 231 people, 95 households, and 64 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|514.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.6% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.6% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the town was 42.3 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 165 people, 77 households, and 50 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 861.2 people per square mile (335.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 89 housing units at an average density of 464.5 per square mile (180.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.42% of the population.

There were 77 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,790. About 3.3% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 7.1% of those 65 or over.

