==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 332
|1910= 203
|1920= 248
|1930= 314
|1940= 305
|1950= 448
|1960= 477
|1970= 613
|1980= 412
|1990= 297
|2000= 345
|2010= 399
|2020= 394
|estyear=2023
|estimate=394
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 399 people, 159 households, and 105 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|738.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|325.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 96.7% White, 1.5% African American, 1.3% from other races, and 0.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.5%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref>

Of the 159 households 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were married couples living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 24.5% of households were one person and 6.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 345 people, 122 households, and 96 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|627.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 99.42% White and 0.58% Asian. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.29%.<ref name="GR2" /> 26.1% were of [[German Americans|German]], 13.7% [[English Americans|English]], 12.4% [[American ancestry|American]], 8.5% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 8.2% [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 6.5% [[Hungarian Americans|Hungarian]] and 6.5% [[Polish Americans|Polish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

Of the 122 households 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were married couples living together, 2.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.3% were non-families. 18.9% of households were one person and 7.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.24.

The age distribution was 24.6% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.

The median household income was $45,000 and the median family income  was $50,469. Males had a median income of $39,063 versus $28,000 for females. The per capita income for the village was $17,217. About 4.1% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

