==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 275
|1890= 410
|1900= 352
|1910= 387
|1920= 313
|1930= 360
|1940= 318
|1950= 295
|1960= 270
|1970= 260
|1980= 246
|1990= 223
|2000= 222
|2010= 195
|2020= 153
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 195 people, 84 households, and 49 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|291.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 15.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 222 people, 96 households, and 54 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|329.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,536 and the median income for a family was $44,500. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $19,821 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,331. None of the families and 6.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.0% of those over 64.

