==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 172
|2010= 250
|2020= 198
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 172 people, 65 households, and 39 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|9.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 76% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 6% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3% from two or more races. [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 34% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 29% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39% were non-families. 28% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.7 and the average family size was 3.3.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31% under the age of 18, 4% from 18 to 24, 25% from 25 to 44, 24% from 45 to 64, and 16% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 135.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,719, and the median income for a family was $43,250. Males had a median income of $60,313 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,772. None of the families and 13% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 27% of those over 64.

