==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 88
|1930= 105
|1940= 102
|1950= 72
|1960= 70
|1970= 41
|1980= 45
|1990= 35
|2000= 36
|2010= 20
|2020= 27
|estyear=2022
|estimate=24
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 31, 2013|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 20 people, 10 households, and 6 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|142.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.0% from two or more races.

There were 10 households, of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 53 years. 15% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 45% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 35.0% male and 65.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 36 people, 12 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|272.4|PD/sqmi}}. There were 12 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.8|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]]. The top 4 ancestry groups in the city are [[Norwegian people|Norwegian]] (65.5%), [[Germans|German]] (21.8%), [[Italians|Italian]] (16.4%), and [[French people|French]] (16.4%). 21 residents reported having multiple ancestries, meaning these percentages add up to more than 100% of the population.

There were 12 households, out of which 58.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 8.3% were non-families. 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 38.9% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 63.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,662. About 13.3% of families and 9.1% of the population living below the [[poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under 18 and none of those aged 65 and over.

