==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 1088
|2000= 1375
|2010= 1282
|2020= 1224
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of {{As of|2000|bare=yes}}, there were 1,375 people, 325 households, and 265 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|133.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 355 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 96.36% Native American, 2.62% White, 0.07% African American, and 0.95% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 325 households, out of which 52.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 39.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.18 and the average family size was 4.54.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.0% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 14.0% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $9,191, and the median income for a family was $9,191. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $4,030. About 64.0% of families and 64.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 70.1% of those under age 18 and 58.1% of those age 65 or over.

===Poverty===
With such high rates of poverty, unemployment, and other negative social indicators, the living conditions found in the town and county are often compared to a [[third world]] nation. Accounts of the town report rundown neighborhoods with old newspapers, tin foil, or old sheets covering windows of some homes. The latest census figures show that 21% of houses do not have a kitchen or plumbing. The housing stock is largely overcrowded, with cases of 15 to 20 people living in a modest house.<ref>{{Cite web |last=Peterson |first=Greg |date=Sep 20, 2007 |title="Crushing Poverty" - Humanitarian Day at Fort Thompson, SD Sept. 30, 2007 helps poorest Si |url=http://portland.indymedia.org/en/2007/09/365482.shtml |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210124124825/http://portland.indymedia.org/en/2007/09/365482.shtml |archive-date=Jan 24, 2021 |website=portland independent media center}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |last=Hetland |first=Cara |date=October 1, 2002 |title=South Dakota has nation's poorest county |url=http://news.minnesota.publicradio.org/features/200210/02_hetlandc_census-m |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20221206145531/http://news.minnesota.publicradio.org/features/200210/02_hetlandc_census-m/ |archive-date=Dec 6, 2022 |website=Minnesota Public Radio}}</ref> 2000 census figures show that more than 21% of houses are overcrowded. A quarter of the residents do not have an automobile and have to walk or bicycle very long distances to work or services in the low density area.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://news.minnesota.publicradio.org/features/200210/02_hetlandc_census-m/|title=South Dakota has nation's poorest county|access-date=2023-08-06}}</ref>

