==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1860= 314
|1870= 331
|1880= 373
|1890= 995
|1900= 1037
|1910= 1114
|1920= 1025
|1930= 1043
|1940= 1190
|1950= 1082
|1960= 1066
|1970= 874
|1980= 841
|1990= 755
|2000= 835
|2010= 947
|2020= 909
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 947 people, 394 households, and 225 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1040.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 502 housing units at an average density of {{convert|551.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 394 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 39.7 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 835 people, 373 households, and 207 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|896.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 472 housing units at an average density of {{convert|506.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.08% of the population.

There were 373 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,563, and the median income for a family was $27,250. Males had a median income of $26,786 versus $15,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,247. About 13.5% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

