==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 65
|1940= 70
|1950= 42
|1960= 40
|1980= 48
|1990= 38
|2000= 50
|2010= 52
|2020= 56
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Takotna first appeared on the 1930 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It appeared on every successive census except in 1970, when it did not return a total. It returned in 1980 and was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 50 people, 19 households, and 12 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 58.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 42.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 19 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were married couples living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 36.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $14,583, and the median income for a family was $17,500. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $33,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,143. There were 20.0% of families and 16.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

