==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 74
|1930= 92
|1940= 74
|1950= 70
|1960= 54
|1970= 33
|1980= 21
|1990= 15
|2000= 19
|2010= 9
|2020= 9
|estyear=2024
|estimate=9
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 19, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 9 people, 4 households, and 2 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|36.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 7 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 4 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.50.

The median age in the city was 49.3 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.1% were from 25 to 44; 55.5% were from 45 to 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 66.7% male and 33.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 19 people, 8 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|78.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 8 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $7,810. There are 25.0% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 13.3% of the population, including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

