==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 175
|1930= 132
|1940= 118
|1950= 140
|1960= 102
|1970= 88
|1980= 83
|1990= 98
|2000= 82
|2010= 84
|2020= 75
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 84 people, 31 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|190.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.4% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the town was 34 years. 34.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.2% male and 54.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 82 people, 30 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|188.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 13.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.44% of the population.

There were 30 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,833, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,197. There were no families, and 3.2% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], not including those under 18 and those over 64 years old.

