==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 240
|1910= 390
|1920= 647
|1930= 877
|1940= 964
|1950= 875
|1960= 752
|1970= 693
|1980= 704
|1990= 629
|2000= 686
|2010= 663
|2020= 537
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 663 people, 275 households, and 178 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|850.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.4% of the population.

There were 275 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 36.4 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 686 people, 296 households, and 182 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|865.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|408.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.23% of the population.

There were 296 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,000. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,589. About 22.5% of families and 28.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.1% of those under age 18 and 28.6% of those age 65 or over.

