==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web| url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US5304195| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Barberton CDP, Washington| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=August 28, 2015}}{{dead link|bot=medic|date=April 2020}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref>{{Cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Barberton, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Barberton_CDP,_Washington?g=160XX00US5304195 |access-date=May 8, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
| 2000 = 4617
| 2010 = 5661
| 2020 = 8567
}}
As of the census of 2010,<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |title=U.S. Census website |accessdate=2013-06-15 }}</ref> there were 5,661 people and 2,086 households in the CDP. The population density, as of the census of 2000<ref name="GR2" /> was 1,071.9 people per square mile (413.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,658 housing units at an average density of 384.9/sq&nbsp;mi (148.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.43% of the population. 23.9% were of [[germans|German]], 12.6% English, 11.2% Irish, 8.0% American and 5.8% [[norwegians|Norwegian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 1,597 households, out of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.6% were married couples living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.1% were non-families. 13.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 28.5% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $64,779, and the median income for a family was $67,054. Males had a median income of $51,396 versus $30,085 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $25,066. About 1.6% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

