==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 330
|1890= 926
|1900= 1369
|1910= 1584
|1920= 1978
|1930= 2172
|1940= 2268
|1950= 2132
|1960= 1982
|1970= 2074
|1980= 1997
|1990= 1916
|2000= 1797
|2010= 1650
|2020= 1699
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,650 people, 747 households, and 443 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1666.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 822 housing units at an average density of {{convert|830.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 747 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 47.9 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,797 people, 754 households, and 465 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,252.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 835 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,046.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 754 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $31,111, and the median income for a family was $42,105. Males had a median income of $27,227 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,875. About 5.3% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over. The town ranks 117th of 537 [[Nebraska locations by per capita income#Nebraska cities, villages and census-designated places by per capita income|Nebraska locations ranked per capita]].

