==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
| 1980 = 637
| 1990 = 521
| 2000 = 708
| 2010 = 794
| 2020 = 730
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''New Deal racial composition'''<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4850916&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|413
|56.58%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|14
|1.92%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|2
|0.27%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|17
|2.33%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|284
|38.9%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''730'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 730 people, 360 households, and 269 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 708 people, 235 households and 192 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|684.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 262 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 74.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.99% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 21.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 41.10% of the population.

There were 235 households, of which 46.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.9% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.01 and the average family size was 3.35.

Age distribution was 34.2% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $38,077, and the median family income was $40,573. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $19,091 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,695. About 11.8% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of those under age 18 and 19.8% of those age 65 or over.

