==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 100
|1940= 131
|1950= 153
|1960= 450
|1970= 694
|1980= 738
|1990= 713
|2000= 743
|2010= 833
|2020= 1162
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 743 people, 337 households, and 209 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|274.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 578 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.54% from two or more races. 1.48% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 337 households, out of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.4% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 28.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $74,583, and the median income for a family was $81,363. Males had a median income of $51,319 versus $41,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $38,865. 1.8% of the population and 0.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 0.8% of those under the age of 18 and 3.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

