==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 882
|1890= 6809
|1900= 8537
|1910= 8689
|1920= 8068
|1930= 8458
|1940= 8711
|1950= 8951
|1960= 9451
|1970= 9502
|1980= 9578
|1990= 9860
|2000= 10146
|2010= 9661
|2020= 9347
|estyear=2022
|estimate=9122
|estref=<ref name="QF22">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/merrillcitywisconsin/PST045222|title=QuickFacts Merrill city, Wisconsin|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 31, 2023}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5551250">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Merrill city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5551250&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 27, 2022}}</ref> the population was 9,347. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,245.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 4,503 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.1% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 2.6% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 9,661 people, 4,175 households, and 2,516 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1334.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 4,619 housing units at an average density of {{convert|638.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 4,175 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.7% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 40.4 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 10,146 people, 4,183 households, and 2,631 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,441.7 people per square mile (556.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 4,397 housing units at an average density of 624.8 per square mile (241.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. 1.03% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 4,183 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,098, and the median income for a family was $45,860. Males had a median income of $30,789 versus $21,372 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,429. About 5.7% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

