==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 258
|1890= 360
|1900= 302
|1910= 295
|1920= 208
|1930= 211
|1970= 1146
|1980= 936
|1990= 970
|2000= 1209
|2010= 856
|2020= 963
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of 2010 Tunnel Hill had a population of 856.  The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 93.5% white, 3.7% black or African American, 0.7% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 1.5% from some other race and 0.4% from two or more race.  3.5% of the population was Hispanic or Latino, with 2.0% of the population being Mexican.<ref>2010 general profile of population and housing characteristics of Tunnel Hill from the US Census]</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,209 people, 451 households, and 359 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|794.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 474 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 94.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.97% of the population.

There were 451 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,438, and the median income for a family was $49,531. Males had a median income of $31,974 versus $25,078 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,382.  About 8.8% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

