==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1843
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,965 people, 742 households, and 528 families residing in the area. The population density was {{convert|584.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 770 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 742 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.8 males.

The median income for a household in the hamlet was $32,688, and the median income for a family was $36,050. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,254. About 10.1% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

