==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 790
|1920= 1318
|1930= 721
|1940= 626
|1950= 469
|1960= 319
|1970= 247
|1980= 190
|1990= 144
|2000= 140
|2010= 136
|2020= 101
|estyear=2022
|estimate=97
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 24, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 24, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 29, 2013}}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 136 people, 64 households, and 35 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|54.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.1% of the population.

There were 64 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 41 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.4% male and 45.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 140 people, 66 households, and 35 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|55.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 66 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,219, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $24,821 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,865. There were 10.2% of families and 16.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.9% of under eighteens and 7.7% of those over 64.
