==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 60
|2010= 60
|2020= 59
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 60 people, 28 households, and 22 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|23.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|19.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 28 households, out of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 21.4% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.45.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $24,219. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,501. There were 17.4% of families and 23.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.8% of under eighteens and 21.1% of those over 64.

