==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 851
|2010= 875
|2020= 833
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 851 people residing in Gardiner. The population density was {{convert|224.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.47% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

There were 435 households, of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 51.5% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 people and the average family size 2.73.<ref name="GR2" />

In 2000, 20.8% were under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 40.5% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household was $30,125, and the median income for a family was $46,071. Men had a median income of $30,240 versus $17,614 for women. About 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

