==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=301
|2020=314
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Hiouchi first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Hiouchi had a population of 314. The population density was {{convert|541.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Hiouchi was 270 (86.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 3 (1.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 12 (3.8%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 4 (1.3%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3 (1.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 22 (7.0%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 16 persons (5.1%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Hiouchi CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0633935 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 142 households, out of which 36 (25.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 71 (50.0%) were married-couple households, 12 (8.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 24 (16.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 35 (24.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 47 households (33.1%) were one person, and 19 (13.4%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.21.<ref name=DP1/> There were 90 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (63.4% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Hiouchi CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0633935 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 38 people (12.1%) under the age of 18, 18 people (5.7%) aged 18 to 24, 50 people (15.9%) aged 25 to 44, 106 people (33.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 102 people (32.5%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 56.3{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|294.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 142 (83.0%) were occupied. Of these, 89 (62.7%) were owner-occupied, and 53 (37.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

The filming of the [[Ewok|Ewoks]] portion of [[Return of the Jedi]] was at [[Jedediah_Smith_Redwoods_State_Park|Jedidiah Smith State Park]] just west of Hiouchi.{{cn|date=October 2024}}

