==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 1071
|1920= 1078
|1930= 1098
|1940= 995
|1950= 860
|1960= 744
|1970= 781
|1980= 928
|1990= 960
|2000= 984
|2010= 933
|2020= 948
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="U.S. Decennial Census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Altoona first appeared on the 1910 U.S. Census as an incorporated town.<ref>{{cite web |title=Supplement for Alabama - Population, Agriculture, Manufactures, Mines and Quarries |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41033935v1-8ch1.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1910}}</ref> See also Altoona precinct/division below.

===2000 Census data===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 984 people, 397 households, and 271 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|258.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 437 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.43% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.54% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. 2.54% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 397 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,469, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $22,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,168. About 21.8% of families and 27.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.3% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

