==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 824
| 2010 = 840
| 2020 = 776
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 824 people, 240 households, and 197 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 485.7 people per square mile (187.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 249 housing units at an average density of 146.8/sq&nbsp;mi (56.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 93.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.46% of the population.

There were 240 households, out of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 28.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.9% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.43 and the average family size was 3.63.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.1% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 5.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $25,875. Males had a median income of $21,964 versus $24,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,373. About 29.0% of families and 34.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.5% of those under age 18 and 30.0% of those age 65 or over.

The Taholah School District's mascot is the Chitwhin, meaning "[[American black bear|black bear]]" in Quinault.

