==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1162
|1910= 836
|1920= 650
|1930= 604
|1940= 661
|1950= 690
|1960= 863
|1970= 1073
|1980= 1127
|1990= 1059
|2000= 1011
|2010= 981
|2020= 918
|estimate= 900
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/swayzee-demographics|title=Swayzee Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Swayzee is home to churches of three [[Christianity|Christian]] denominations: United Methodist, Nazarene, and United Church of Christ.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 981 people, 393 households, and 289 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2087.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 426 housing units at an average density of {{convert|906.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 393 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 40 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,011 people, 404 households, and 309 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,141.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 414 housing units at an average density of {{convert|876.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.48% of the population.

There were 404 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,146, and the median income for a family was $46,750. Males had a median income of $34,531 versus $22,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,476. About 4.2% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 1.6% of those age 65 or over.

