==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 261
|1920= 173
|1930= 163
|1940= 161
|1950= 82
|1960= 129
|1970= 97
|1980= 126
|1990= 114
|2000= 138
|2010= 114
|2020= 134
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 114 people, 42 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|335.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.8% from two or more races.

There were 42 households, of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.4% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 43 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 138 people, 51 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|405.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 51 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.5% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,000, and the median income for a family was $21,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $12,000 for females. The per capita income for the city was $10,451. There were 27.0% of families and 26.6% of the population living below the poverty line, including 22.0% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

