==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 287
|1920= 346
|1930= 289
|1940= 276
|1950= 305
|1960= 328
|1970= 238
|1980= 205
|1990= 193
|2000= 204
|2010= 187
|2020= 185
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 187 people, 70 households, and 48 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|296.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 70 households, of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were married couples living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.4% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.33.

The median age in the city was 33.8 years. 33.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 204 people, 74 households, and 50 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|322.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.53% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.98% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 1.47% of the population.

There were 74 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $34,063. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,751. About 4.3% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.6% of those 65 or over.

