==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 65
|1970= 136
|1980= 178
|1990= 74
|2000= 138
|2010= 122
|2020= 139
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 122 people, 59 households, and 47 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{Pop density|122|.4|sqmi|km2}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{Pop density|69|.4|sqmi|km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.6% Asian.

There were 52 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 16.4% from 25 to 44, 33.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $74,375, and the median income for a family was $158,125. Males had a median income of $161,667 versus $150,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $91,121. 4.6% of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

