==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 292
|1990= 111
|2000= 139
|2010= 112
|2020= 65
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=U.S. Decennial Census |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 6, 2013 |archive-date=July 1, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |url-status=live }}</ref>
}}

Hollis first appeared on the 1960 U.S. Census as an unincorporated community. It did not appear again until 1990, when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=July 9, 2021 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 139 people, 55 households, and 38 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.93% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 5.04% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.72% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 4.32% from two or more races. 2.16% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 55 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 141.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $55,625. Males had a median income of $41,875 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,278. There were 6.5% of families and 9.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

