==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 68
|1890= 180
|1900= 318
|1910= 262
|1920= 326
|1930= 297
|1940= 332
|1950= 379
|1960= 411
|1970= 352
|1980= 283
|1990= 229
|2000= 214
|2010= 199
|2020= 177
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 199 people, 89 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|214.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 89 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.2% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.54.

The median age in the city was 44.9 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 214 people, 93 households, and 57 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|227.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|105.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 93 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,095.  About 11.1% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

