==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 431
| 1990 = 465
| 2000 = 526
| 2010 = 509
| 2020 = 447
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 526 people, 224 households, and 161 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|824.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|484.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 12.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 30.80% of the population.

There were 224 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,146, and the median income for a family was $40,250. Males had a median income of $37,917 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,457. About 9.5% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.

