==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1104
|1920= 1263
|1930= 1294
|1940= 1604
|1950= 1948
|1960= 1571
|1970= 1680
|1980= 2069
|1990= 2003
|2000= 1894
|2010= 2236
|2020= 1805
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,003 people, 778 households, and 493 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,311.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 951 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,097.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 76.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 10.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 24.21% of the population.

There were 778 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,563, and the median income for a family was $44,885. Males had a median income of $38,658 versus $20,371 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,233. About 9.6% of families and 19.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over. The majority rely on agriculture and mining for their income.

