==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 39
| 1920 = 275
| 1930 = 275
| 1940 = 308
| 1950 = 330
| 1960 = 381
| 1970 = 396
| 1980 = 523
| 1990 = 502
| 2000 = 440
| 2010 = 439
| 2020 = 420
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 439 people, 169 households, and 115 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|281.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 169 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the village was 31.6 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 440 people, 169 households, and 106 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 370.4 people per square mile (142.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 193 housing units at an average density of 162.5 per square mile (62.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.32% of the population.

There were 169 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $42,031. Males had a median income of $31,375 versus $22,727 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,648. About 13.9% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.2% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

