==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 202
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
The Smith Island CDP is located in a small town–area in the central part of the island, spread across the three villages of [[Ewell, Maryland|Ewell]], [[Rhodes Point]], and [[Tylerton]], all located in the state of Maryland. The northern part of Smith Island also includes the [[Martin National Wildlife Refuge]]. The southernmost portion of the island, consisting of marsh, lies in [[Accomack County, Virginia]].

As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 Census]],<ref name="DecennialCensus"/> there were 276 people residing in the Smith Island CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|81.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 218 housing units, at an average density of {{convert|57.5|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.82% from two or more races. 51% of Smith Island's residents were [[English American|English]], 4% [[Greek American|Greek]], 3% [[Irish American|Irish]], 3% [[Scottish American|Scottish]], and 3% [[French American|French]].<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.epodunk.com/cgi-bin/genealogyInfo.php?locIndex=57944 |title=Smith Island, MD, Ancestry & Family History |publisher=Epodunk.com |access-date=2015-04-16 |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150417011424/http://www.epodunk.com/cgi-bin/genealogyInfo.php?locIndex=57944 |archive-date=2015-04-17 }}</ref>

There were 167 households, of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18, and the average family size was 2.69.

The [[median age]] was 50 years, with 14.6% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 34.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $26,324, and the median family income was $29,375. Males had a median income of $26,250, versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $25,469. About 14.4% of families and 37.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 67.9% of those age 65 or over.

