==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 460
|1900= 556
|1910= 471
|1920= 481
|1930= 450
|1940= 545
|1950= 523
|1960= 444
|1970= 498
|1980= 680
|1990= 722
|2000= 778
|2010= 842
|2020= 874
|estyear=2022
|estimate=889
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 21, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 21, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 842 people, 337 households, and 234 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|772.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 362 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 337 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 38.4 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 778 people, 312 households, and 214 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|795.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 335 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.77% of the population.

There were 312 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,375, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $30,208 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,509.  About 5.7% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 20.5% of those age 65 or over.

