==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 248
| 1900 = 379
| 1910 = 767
| 1920 = 714
| 1930 = 633
| 1940 = 596
| 1950 = 660
| 1960 = 585
| 1970 = 569
| 1980 = 572
| 1990 = 552
| 2000 = 648
| 2010 = 550
| 2020 = 598
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 23, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 550 people, 228 households, and 151 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|887.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 270 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 228 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the town was 43.4 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 648 people, 246 households, and 167 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,059.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|444.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.77% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 32.1% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,214, and the median income for a family was $37,750. Males had a median income of $30,962 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,121. About 11.0% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

