==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1000
|1910= 1033
|1920= 1408
|1930= 1564
|1940= 1159
|1950= 1368
|1960= 1228
|1970= 1123
|1980= 1033
|1990= 1163
|2000= 1152
|2010= 1257
|2020= 1237
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus2020">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/content/census/en/search-results.html?stateGeo=none&q=west%20easton,%20pa&searchtype=web|date=February 13, 2022|title=United States Census Bureau Search Results|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=February 13, 2022}}</ref><ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=42|archive-url=https://archive.today/20130704182016/http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=42|url-status=dead|archive-date=4 July 2013|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,257 people, 488 households, and 175 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,008|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 516 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,539.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 85.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.4% of the population.

There were 488 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $39,615, and the median income for a family was $48,393. Males had a median income of $35,288 versus $25,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,901. About 9.5% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.2% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

