==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 504
|1890= 628
|1900= 509
|1910= 517
|1920= 478
|1930= 282
|1940= 293
|1950= 289
|1960= 203
|1970= 184
|1980= 163
|1990= 116
|2000= 103
|2010= 67
|2020= 38
|estyear=2021
|estimate=36
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 103 people, 49 households, and 27 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|57.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 49 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $21,458, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $32,250 versus $28,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,708. There were no families and 8.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 67 people, 35 households, and 19 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|26.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]], and 4.5% two or more races.

There were 35 households, out of which 17.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 10.4% under the age of 18, 65.7% from 18 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51.3 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $45,417, and the median income for a family was $50,536. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $22,060. There were 9.5% families and 9.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under eighteens and 10% of those over 64.

