==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 498
|1900= 541
|1910= 494
|1920= 651
|1930= 711
|1940= 785
|1950= 898
|1960= 972
|1970= 1025
|1980= 913
|1990= 927
|2000= 899
|2010= 885
|2020= 864
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> there were 885 people, 362 households, and 223 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|876.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 362 households, of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 39.2 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 899 people, 368 households, and 238 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|962.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|419.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.33% of the population.

There were 368 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 36.8% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,375, and the median income for a family was $52,250. Males had a median income of $36,087 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,207. About 6.0% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

