==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 178
|1940= 111
|1950= 93
|1960= 67
|1970= 51
|1980= 83
|1990= 63
|2000= 76
|2010= 78
|2020= 72
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 78 people, 30 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|288.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 76.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 9.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.3% of the population.

There were 30 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 50.5 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.6% were from 25 to 44; 47.4% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 76 people, 27 households, and 18 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|272.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 7.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.58% of the population.

There were 27 households, out of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.44.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 18.4% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,011. There were 15.4% of families and 15.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 77.8% of those over 64.

