==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1890|269
|1900|321
|1910|278
|1920|373
|1930|428
|1940|390
|1950|385
|1960|354
|1970|312
|1980|319
|1990|321
|2000|334
|2010|362
|2020|352
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 352 people, 153 households, and 104 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 780.9 inhabitants per square mile (301.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 158 housing units at an average density of 350.5 per square mile (135.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White Americans|White]], 0.6% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.3% of the population.

Of the 153 households, 29.4% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% were cohabitating couples, 20.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 13.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 32.0% of all households were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 40.2 years. 25.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 and 44; 27.3% were from 45 and 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 362 people, 156 households, and 107 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|841.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.4% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 43.6 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 334 people, 144 households, and 95 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|816.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 144 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $35,208 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,703. About 4.9% of families and 3.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

