==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 76
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 57 people, 26 households, and 17 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|335.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.75% from two or more races.

There were 26 households, out of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.56.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 15.8% under the age of 18, 1.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 38.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,222, and the median income for a family was $26,389. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,846. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

