==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 211
|1930= 203
|1940= 174
|1950= 135
|1960= 111
|1970= 132
|1980= 129
|1990= 101
|2000= 107
|2010= 63
|2020= 61
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 63 people, 32 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|175.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 54.8 years. 11.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 8% were from 25 to 44; 41.2% were from 45 to 64; and 34.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 107 people, 43 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|276.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 43 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $22,000 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,569. There were no families and 0.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

