==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 364
|1920= 516
|1930= 554
|1940= 727
|1950= 896
|1960= 1292
|1970= 1448
|1980= 1508
|1990= 1287
|2000= 1330
|2010= 1626
|2020= 1371
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Rose Hill racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3757860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 553
| 40.34%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 365
| 26.62%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 8
| 0.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 0.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 33
| 2.41%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 407
| 29.69%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,371 people, 823 households, and 554 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000,  1,330 people, 542 households, and 377 families resided in the town. The population density was {{convert|969.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 594 housing units averaged 433.0 per square mile (167.4/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the town was 62.93% White, 25.26% African American, 0.75% Native American, 0.53% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 9.92% from other races, and 0.53% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 14.74% of the population.

Of the 542 households, 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were not families. About 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was distributed as 21.3% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,794, and for a family was $36,786. Males had a median income of $27,171 versus $17,411 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,943. About 15.7% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.2% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

