==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 68
|1900= 252
|1910= 382
|1920= 448
|1930= 401
|1940= 351
|1950= 309
|1960= 220
|1970= 235
|1980= 246
|1990= 237
|2000= 238
|2010= 229
|2020= 191
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 229 people, 99 households, and 64 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1526.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|746.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.0% of the population.

There were 99 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 43.1 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 238 people, 104 households, and 68 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,592.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|776.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.10% from two or more races.

There were 104 households, out of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,115. About 8.8% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.6% of those 65 or over.

