==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 247
|1930= 276
|1940= 238
|1950= 246
|1960= 250
|1970= 107
|1980= 170
|1990= 128
|2000= 122
|2010= 146
|2020= 227
|estyear=2022
|estimate=229
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 2, 2023 |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=December 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |author=United States Census Bureau |author-link=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=July 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 146 people in 66 households, including 38 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|374.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 93.8% White, 1.4% Native American, 0.7% from other races, and 4.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4%.

Of the 66 households, 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 33.3% of households were one person and 19.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age was 39.2 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 122 people in 58 households, including 33 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|304.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 90.98% White, 6.56% Native American, and 2.46% from two or more races.

Of the 58 households, 15.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 36.2% of households were one person and 20.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.67.

The age distribution was 16.4% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 32.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% 65 or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median household income was $23,500 and the median family income was $27,500. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $16,071 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,736. There were 8.3% of families and 9.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 3.1% of those over 64.

