==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 106
|1940= 118
|1950= 87
|1960= 62
|1970= 50
|1980= 44
|1990= 32
|2000= 44
|2010= 25
|2020= 24
|estyear=2022
|estimate=21
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 16, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 25 people, 12 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|166.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.0% from two or more races.

There were 12 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 41.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the city was 56.5 years. 8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 44% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.0% male and 56.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 44 people, 17 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|295.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.55% from two or more races.

There were 17 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 35.3% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 15.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,692. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

