==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 140
|1920= 192
|1930= 171
|1940= 187
|1950= 131
|1960= 126
|1970= 102
|1980= 97
|1990= 76
|2000= 51
|2010= 38
|2020= 30
|estyear=2022
|estimate=28
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 17, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 17, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 38 people, 19 households, and 11 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|122.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|106.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 5.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 19 households, of which 5.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.1% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the city was 56.5 years. 10.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 5.2% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 36.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 63.2% male and 36.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 51 people, 26 households, and 15 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|164.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 26 households, out of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 42.3% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 15.7% from 45 to 64, and 39.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,250, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $10,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,822. There were no families and 24.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 31.8% of those over 64.

