==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 128
|1940= 118
|1950= 71
|1960= 84
|1970= 32
|1980= 31
|1990= 21
|2000= 27
|2010= 17
|2020= 18
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> there were 17 people, 10 households and 5 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|242.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 10 households, of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.20.

The median age was 55.5 years. 5.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.8% were from 25 to 44; 47.1% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 27 people, 12 households and 8 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|374.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 12 households, of which 8.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 33.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.75.

22.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 14.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 37.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $25,000 and the median family income was $66,250. Males had a median income of $21,250 and females $41,250. The [[per capita income]] was $20,331. There were 20.0% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

