==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 1355
| 2010 = 1221
| 2020 = 1053
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,355 people, 515 households, and 330 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|437.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 619 housing units at an average density of 199.9/mi<sup>2</sup> (77.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.96% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.81% of the population.

There were 515 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,159, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $22,250 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,047. About 22.0% of families and 26.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.6% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

Livingston Manor has an excellent Volunteer Fire Department and Volunteer Basic Life Support Ambulance Corps.

