==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 496
|1910= 517
|1920= 455
|1930= 364
|1940= 385
|1950= 327
|1960= 245
|1970= 308
|1980= 350
|1990= 271
|2000= 272
|2010= 246
|2020= 181
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 181 people, 65 households, and 37 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|310.46|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|159.52|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.21% from two or more races. None of the population was [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 65 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.77% were married couples living together, 6.15% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.08% were non-families. 41.54% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.30 and the average family size was 2.32.

The village's age distribution consisted of 19.9% under the age of 18, 15.9% from 18 to 24, 19.9% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $100,096. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,083. About 8.1% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

