==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 215
|1920= 177
|1930= 207
|1940= 212
|1950= 204
|1960= 185
|1970= 169
|1980= 231
|1990= 162
|2000= 168
|2010= 181
|2020= 160
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=January 31, 2008}}</ref> there were 168 people, 69 households, and 48 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|180.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,167, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,182. About 11.8% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.5% of those 65 or over.

