==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 156
|1890= 132
|1910= 212
|1920= 269
|1930= 290
|1940= 313
|1950= 325
|1960= 389
|1970= 492
|1980= 699
|1990= 699
|2000= 673
|2010= 719
|2020= 747
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=January 2022|reason=No mention of Cleveland at the given link}} 2020<ref name=":0"/>
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the [[Census]] of [[2020 United States census|2020]], the city had 747 people, 273 households, and 177 families. The population density was {{convert|1,358.18|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|536.36|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The city's racial makeup was 91.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.61% of the population.

There were 273 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.2% had a male householder with no wife present and 29.4% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.47.

32.5% of the city's population was under age 18, 8.9% was from age 18 to 24, 35.3% was from age 15 to 44, and 14.6% was age 65 or older. The median age was 32.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males.

The city's median household income was $68,125, and the median family income was $80,313. About 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under age 18 and 1.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=":0" />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, the city had 719 people, 278 households, and 205 families. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1198.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|496.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The city's racial makeup was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 278 households, of which 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.3% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.95.

The city's median age was 39.7 years. 27.5% of the city's population was under age 18; 6.3% was from age 18 to 24; 24.9% was from age 25 to 44; 29.7% was from age 45 to 64; and 11.4% was age 65 or older. The city's gender makeup was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, the city had 673 people, 252 households, and 177 families. The population density was {{convert|1,125.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 259 housing units at an average density of {{convert|433.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The city's racial makeup was 98.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.

There were 252 households, of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.25.

29.9% of the city's population was under age 18, 7.3% was from age 18 to 24, 27.2% was from age 25 to 44, 23.9% was from age 45 to 64, and 11.7% was age 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.

The city's median household income was $46,458, and the median family income was $52,763. Males had a median income of $30,885 versus $24,167 for females. The city's [[per capita income]] was $17,424. About 5.2% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

