==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 219
|1910= 185
|1920= 200
|1930= 221
|1940= 204
|1950= 193
|1960= 232
|1970= 248
|1980= 217
|1990= 246
|2000= 185
|2010= 156
|2020= 150
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 156 people, 75 households, and 47 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1040.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|560.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from two or more races.

There were 75 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the town was 44.5 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 35.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 185 people, 75 households, and 54 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,240.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|529.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.54% from two or more races.

There were 75 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,833, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $36,094 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,483. About 5.3% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

