==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 84
|1960= 114
|1970= 49
|1980= 65
|1990= 82
|2000= 96
|2010= 100
|2020= 104
|estyear=2019
|estimate=112
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 100 people, 42 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3333.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1600.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 7.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.0% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 14% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 38% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 96 people, 37 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|9,044.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,674.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.12% of the population.

There were 37 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.2% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 21.9% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 134.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 148.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $22,083. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $51,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,121. There were 23.8% of families and 30.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

