==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1912
|1930= 1888
|1940= 1797
|1950= 1608
|1960= 1493
|1970= 1165
|1980= 1038
|1990= 1031
|2000= 997
|2010= 906
|2020= 805
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 906 people, 430 households, and 226 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|633.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 527 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 430 households, of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.4% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 46.4 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 997 people, 470 households, and 266 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|707.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 518 housing units at an average density of {{convert|367.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races; [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population. Culturally, 26.6% were of [[italians|Italian]], 13.8% [[germans|German]], 10.9% [[Polish people|Polish]], 9.2% [[finns|Finnish]], 8.4% [[swedish people|Swedish]] and 6.4% [[French people|French]] ancestry.

There were 470 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.4% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,524, and the median income for a family was $31,528. Males had a median income of $25,446 versus $16,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,544.  About 12.5% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.1% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.

