==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,361 people, 858 households, and 700 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 78.9 people per square mile (30.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,004 housing units at an average density of 33.5/sq&nbsp;mi (13.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 858 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.3% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,703, and the median income for a family was $24,886. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,697. About 22.9% of families and 26.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.7% of those under age 18 and 17.3% of those age 65 or over.

