==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 211
|2020= 176
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Nicolaus first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Nicolaus had a population of 176. The population density was {{convert|56.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Nicolaus was 146 (83.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.6%) [[African Americans|African American]], 2 (1.1%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 6 (3.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 11 (6.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10 (5.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 26 persons (14.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Nicolaus CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0651336 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 30, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 82 households, out of which 27 (32.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 53 (64.6%) were married-couple households, 3 (3.7%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 2 (2.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 24 (29.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 22 households (26.8%) were one person, and 8 (9.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.15.<ref name=DP1/> There were 57 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (69.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Nicolaus CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0651336 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 30, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 33 people (18.8%) under the age of 18, 15 people (8.5%) aged 18 to 24, 33 people (18.8%) aged 25 to 44, 46 people (26.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 49 people (27.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 50.5{{nbsp}}years. There were 89 males and 87 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 82 (88.2%) were occupied. Of these, 69 (84.1%) were owner-occupied, and 13 (15.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

