==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1950 = 970
| 1960 = 792
| 1970 = 916
| 1980 = 982
| 1990 = 1111
| 2000 = 1123
| 2010 = 1130
| 2020 = 990
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,123 people, 408 households, and 241 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|603.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 479 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 3.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.47% from two or more races. 7.30% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] or of any type of race.

There were 408 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 39.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 17.5% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,833, and the median income for a family was $38,667. Males had a median income of $39,500 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,555. About 17.3% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.4% of those under age 18 and 17.9% of those age 65 or over.

