==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 394
|1860= 232
|1870= 241
|1880= 331
|1890= 292
|1900= 262
|1910= 265
|1920= 291
|1930= 298
|1940= 306
|1950= 368
|1960= 366
|1970= 380
|1980= 331
|1990= 246
|2000= 322
|2010= 267
|2020= 270
|estyear=2023
|estimate=271
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 267 people, 113 households, and 71 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2670.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1220.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 113 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 322 people, 127 households, and 83 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|3,017.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,236.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 127 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $48,333. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $23,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,296. About 2.6% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

