==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|96
|1890|125
|1900|158
|1910|178
|1920|156
|1930|185
|1940|215
|1950|228
|1960|247
|1970|341
|1980|316
|1990|290
|2000|280
|2010|255
|2020|249
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 249 people, 110 households, and 81 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 800.7 inhabitants per square mile (309.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 116 housing units at an average density of 373.0 per square mile (144.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.0% of the population.

Of the 110 households, 38.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% were cohabitating couples, 14.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.4% of all households were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 36.1 years. 23.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 31.7% were from 25 and 44; 29.3% were from 45 and 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 255 people, 114 households, and 81 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|750.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 114 households, of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.9% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 45.7 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 21.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 280 people, 109 households, and 85 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|849.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|349.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.36% from two or more races.

The median income for a household in the city was $47,500, and the median income for a family was $50,313. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $21,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,134. About 2.5% of families and 2.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty-five or over.

