==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 2231
| 2010 = 1904
| 2020 = 1069
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 2,231 people, 362 households, and 254 families residing in the CDP.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|8,674.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 372 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,446.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 66.11% [[White (US Census)|White]], 12.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 10.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.09% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 362 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.22.<ref name="GR2" />

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 10.0% under the age of 18, 55.4% from 18 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 11.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.1 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the CDP was $59,500, and the median income for a family was $80,292. Males had a median income of $52,639 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,009. About 4.3% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.<ref name="GR2" />

