==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 97
|1950= 208
|1960= 216
|1970= 225
|1980= 265
|1990= 162
|2000= 192
|2010= 254
|2020= 245
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2926092|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 254 people, 102 households, and 74 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|282.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 102 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.5% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 39.7 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 192 people, 84 households, and 51 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|327.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|155.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.52% from two or more races.

There were 84 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 115.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,635, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $20,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,400. About 1.8% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.0% of those 65 or over.

