==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 380
| 1940 = 404
| 1950 = 360
| 1960 = 299
| 1970 = 257
| 1980 = 246
| 1990 = 195
| 2000 = 212
| 2010 = 207
| 2020 = 153
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Cusick, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Cusick%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 14, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 207 people, 86 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|460.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 19.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 42.8 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.5% male and 42.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 212 people, 87 households, and 60 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 624.9 people per square mile (240.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 106 housing units at an average density of 312.4 per square mile (120.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 87 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,583, and the median income for a family was $14,000. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,371. About 36.2% of families and 41.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 61.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.1% of those 65 or over.

