==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 61
|1940= 101
|1950= 72
|1960= 70
|1970= 54
|1980= 65
|1990= 63
|2000= 51
|2010= 40
|2020= 46
|estyear=2022
|estimate=43
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 30, 2013|df=mdy-all}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 40 people in 21 households, including 11 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 95.0% White, 2.5% African American, and 2.5% from two or more races.

Of the 21 households 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 42.9% of households were one person and 23.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.90 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age was 49.5 years. 15% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 51 people in 20 households, including 14 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|125.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 20 households 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were married couples living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 30.0% of households were one person and 15.0% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.14.

The age distribution was 31.4% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median household income was $37,500 and the median family income  was $37,500. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $19,375 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,854. There were 16.7% of families and 13.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

