==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 274
|1910= 483
|1920= 301
|1930= 317
|1940= 278
|1950= 276
|1960= 341
|1970= 318
|1980= 339
|1990= 289
|2000= 274
|2010= 322
|2020= 269
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 322 people, 116 households, and 89 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1110.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 116 households, of which 43.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.3% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 34.7 years. 30.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 274 people, 110 households, and 85 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|984.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.46% of the population.

There were 110 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 91.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,464, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $34,167 versus $25,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,990. About 2.2% of families and 3.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 10.9% of those 65 or over.

