==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 260
|1890= 322
|1900= 357
|1910= 306
|1920= 335
|1930= 314
|1940= 270
|1950= 222
|1960= 224
|1970= 231
|1980= 265
|1990= 241
|2000= 271
|2010= 323
|2020= 267
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 323 people, 121 households, and 88 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|807.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.8% of all households comprised individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 40.9 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 271 people, 109 households, and 79 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|663.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.95% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,771, and the median income for a family was $41,477. Males had a median income of $26,818 versus $18,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,424. About 15.6% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.3% of those 65 or over.

