==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 441
|1860= 336
|1870= 576
|1880= 563
|1890= 430
|1900= 332
|1910= 338
|1920= 247
|1930= 382
|1940= 363
|1950= 381
|1960= 435
|1970= 506
|1980= 518
|1990= 457
|2000= 348
|2010= 448
|2020= 447
|estyear=2023
|estimate=443
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 448 people, 184 households, and 135 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|605.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 184 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.6% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 42.8 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 348 people, 136 households, and 95 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|468.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 136 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,429, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $26,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,509. About 7.1% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

