==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 157
|1880= 280
|1890= 277
|1900= 324
|1910= 290
|1920= 269
|1930= 273
|1940= 267
|1950= 314
|1960= 346
|1970= 586
|1980= 570
|1990= 512
|2000= 614
|2010= 564
|2020= 1098
|2025= 1098
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 564 people, 241 households, and 157 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1084.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|538.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 241 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the town was 40.9 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 614 people, 249 households, and 184 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,527.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 259 housing units at an average density of {{convert|644.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 249 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 42, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $54,219, and the median income for a family was $57,031. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $23,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,914. About 2.6% of families and 2.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.5% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

