==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 258
|1900= 318
|1910= 358
|1920= 321
|1930= 327
|1940= 281
|1950= 267
|1960= 221
|1970= 192
|1980= 173
|1990= 149
|2000= 135
|2010= 116
|2020= 95
|estyear=2022
|estimate=93
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 116 people, 50 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|527.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|277.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.4% from two or more races.

There were 50 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 42.7 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 135 people, 62 households, and 30 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|680.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|358.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.48% from two or more races.

There were 62 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.6% were non-families. 48.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $50,250. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,671. There were 6.5% of families and 16.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.5% of under eighteens and 32.1% of those over 64.

