==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 137
|1920= 130
|1930= 135
|1940= 132
|1950= 124
|1960= 78
|1970= 76
|1980= 57
|1990= 38
|2000= 35
|2010= 34
|2020= 31
|estyear=2022
|estimate=32
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 34 people, 12 households, and 9 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|340.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 11.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 12 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 25.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.44.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 35.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 17.6% were from 45 to 64; and 26.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 35 people, 15 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|340.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|194.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 15 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 26.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 37.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 145.5 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $46,875. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,795. There were 14.3% of families and 8.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

