==Demographics==
===2010 census===
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 502
| 1920 = 1022
| 1930 = 1003
| 1940 = 1203
| 1950 = 1256
| 1960 = 1242
| 1970 = 1187
| 1980 = 1219
| 1990 = 1114
| 2000 = 1129
| 2010 = 1127
| 2020 = 949
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,127 people, 397 households and 286 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1707.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 451 housing units at an average density of {{convert|683.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up  was 85.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 12.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.6% of the population.

There were 397 households, of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.34.

The median age was 33.4 years. 32.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 21.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender make-up was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,129 people, 395 households and 285 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,065.0|/sqmi}}. There were 466 housing units at an average density of {{convert|852.4|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 86.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 11.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.91% of the population.

There were 395 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.43.

33.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64 and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,282 and the median family income was $35,515. Males had a median income of $27,273 and females $22,000. The [[per capita income]] was $13,731. About 13.7% of families and 19.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.2% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

