==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 300
|1930= 270
|1940= 200
|1950= 200
|1960= 262
|1970= 247
|1980= 762
|1990= 995
|2000= 1096
|2010= 1060
|2020= 1291
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1294
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,060 people, 399 households, and 293 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1656.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 410 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 399 households, of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.6% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 33 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,096 people, 369 households, and 298 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,737.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 388 housing units at an average density of {{convert|615.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.08% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.55% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 2.01% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], 0.18% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 0.91% of the population.

The top 6 ancestry groups in the city are [[Germans|German]] (48.8%), [[Norway|Norwegian]] (32.3%), [[Ireland|Irish]] (7.5%), [[Sweden|Swedish]] (4.9%), [[England|English]] (4.7%), [[France|French]] (3.6%).

There were 369 households, out of which 51.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.9% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 6.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,078, and the median income for a family was $42,639. Males had a median income of $24,922 versus $19,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,250. About 2.7% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

