==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 702
|2020= 632
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Patton Village first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Patton Village had a population of 632. The population density was {{convert|181.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Patton Village was 497 (78.6%) [[White Americans|White]], 26 (4.1%) [[African Americans|African American]], 11 (1.7%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 6 (0.9%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.2%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 24 (3.8%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 67 (10.6%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 79 persons (12.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Patton Village CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0656140 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 252 households, out of which 53 (21.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 102 (40.5%) were married-couple households, 18 (7.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 62 (24.6%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 70 (27.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 81 households (32.1%) were one person, and 46 (18.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.51.<ref name=DP1/> There were 156 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (61.9% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Patton Village CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0656140 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 143 people (22.6%) under the age of 18, 38 people (6.0%) aged 18 to 24, 173 people (27.4%) aged 25 to 44, 162 people (25.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 116 people (18.4%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 40.2{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 115.7 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 252 (79.5%) were occupied. Of these, 161 (63.9%) were owner-occupied, and 91 (36.1%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

