==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 364
|1870= 357
|1880= 509
|1890= 650
|1900= 392
|1910= 477
|1920= 534
|1930= 407
|1940= 399
|1950= 383
|1960= 310
|1970= 286
|1980= 219
|1990= 238
|2000= 209
|2010= 191
|2020= 175
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 191 people, 73 households, and 48 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|251.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 73 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the city was 36.5 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 209 people, 84 households, and 57 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|277.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,833, and the median income for a family was $27,813. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $18,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,194. About 3.5% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.7% of those 65 or over.

