==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1990 = 394
| 2000 = 289
| 2010 = 337
| 2020 = 207
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The median income for a household in the town was $12,083, and the median income for a family was $14,750. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,458. About 43.7% of families and 54.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 87.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.0% of those 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, Mayor Lawrence Crigger there were 337 people, 131 households, and 97 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|437.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|215.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races.

There were 131 households, of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.0% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the town was 40.6 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

