==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 81
|1960= 339
|1970= 369
|1980= 350
|1990= 360
|2000= 329
|2010= 323
|2020= 295
|estyear=2021
|estimate=291
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 16, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 323 people, 137 households, and 91 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|496.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% from two or more races.

There were 137 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.6% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 42.6 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 329 people, 130 households, and 92 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|493.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|217.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 130 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $50,156, and the median income for a family was $53,929. Males had a median income of $38,333 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,700.  About 3.6% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 3.3% of those age 65 or over.

