==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 384 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 716.42 people per square mile (276.78/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 174 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 77.1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 15.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 6.3% from two or more races. 1.6% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Camp Dennison CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Camp_Dennison_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3911150 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=5 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 143 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.0% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 22.4% had a female householder with no spouse present. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35, and the average family size was 2.79.<ref name="2020 census"/>

15.5% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 57.3% were 18 to 64, and 27.2% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54.8. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $82,054, and the median income for a family was $86,250. About 10.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 30.1% of those age 65 or over. About 57.3% of the population were employed, and 36.3% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

