==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 623
|1950= 476
|1960= 485
|1970= 428
|1980= 371
|1990= 222
|2000= 186
|2010= 498
|2020= 484
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 186 people, 80 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|210.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 80 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 77.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,781, and the median income for a family was $31,750. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,155. About 3.6% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.8% of those 65 or over.

