==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1940= 218
|1950= 254
|1960= 194
|1970= 201
|1980= 205
|1990= 188
|2000= 116
|2010= 117
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 116 people, 48 households, and 33 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|147.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 53.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 44.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 20.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 32.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $33,333. Males had a median income of $24,821 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,691. There were 2.6% of families and 6.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of under eighteens and 4.3% of those over 64.

