==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 251
|1890= 329
|1900= 407
|1910= 348
|1920= 333
|1930= 266
|1940= 261
|1950= 179
|1960= 130
|1970= 95
|1980= 112
|1990= 84
|2000= 119
|2010= 107
|2020= 71
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 107 people, 45 households, and 32 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|891.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|416.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 45 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.9% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 119 people, 45 households, and 32 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|811.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|463.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 2.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 45 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 15.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,250, and the median income for a family was $27,750. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $15,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,174. There were 16.1% of families and 21.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of under eighteens and 32.1% of those over 64.

