==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 251
| 1980 = 368
| 1990 = 355
| 2000 = 311
| 2010 = 302
| 2020 = 274
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 312
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Menifee racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0545200&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=January 1, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 37
| 13.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 208
| 75.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 12
| 4.38%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 16
| 5.84%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 274 people, 45 households, and 30 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 311 people, 116 households, and 83 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 54.3/km{{sup|2}} (141.0/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 141 housing units at an average density of 24.6/km{{sup|2}} (63.9/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 11.90% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 84.57% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 3.54% from two or more races.  1.93% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 116 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $34,750. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $20,859 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,624.  About 8.6% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.0% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

