==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 101
| 1890 = 410
| 1900 = 612
| 1910 = 721
| 1920 = 781
| 1930 = 777
| 1940 = 874
| 1950 = 931
| 1960 = 900
| 1970 = 930
| 1980 = 1153
| 1990 = 1144
| 2000 = 1369
| 2010 = 1341
| 2020 = 1330
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,341 people, 567 households, and 345 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|450.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 636 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.6% (1,268) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% (13) [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% (17) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% (7) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% (1) [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% (5) from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% (28) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population, or 14 people.

There were 567 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.2% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 43.1 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 1,369 people, 565 households, and 332 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 459.8 people per square mile (177.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 590 housing units at an average density of 198.1 per square mile (76.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. 1.17% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 565 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,423, and the median income for a family was $40,333. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,875. About 7.6% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.

