==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 204
|1920= 286
|1930= 330
|1940= 277
|1950= 307
|1960= 340
|1970= 267
|1980= 357
|1990= 453
|2000= 373
|2010= 363
|2020= 221
|estyear=2021
|estimate=233
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Ellenboro once had a glass factory and at a much earlier time a very well known resort.  However, both have ceased operation.  The town was created in the early 1900s and was named after the postmaster's daughter.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 363 people, 160 households, and 109 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|321.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 160 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the town was 48.4 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 39.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 373 people, 158 households, and 103 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|477.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.07% from two or more races.

There were 158 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $26,563. Males had a median income of $21,111 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,418. About 26.7% of families and 30.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 49.3% of those under age 18 and 18.0% of those age 65 or over.

