==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 91
|1890= 276
|1900= 242
|1910= 283
|1920= 267
|1930= 225
|1940= 275
|1950= 275
|1960= 321
|1970= 330
|1980= 329
|1990= 393
|2000= 297
|2010= 342
|2020= 283
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 342 people, 133 households, and 92 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2011.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|870.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 133 households, of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 31.8 years. 31% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 22.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 297 people, 114 households, and 80 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,668.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|674.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 114 households, out of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $47,000. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $21,528 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,768. About 3.5% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

