==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 237
|1910= 278
|1920= 358
|1930= 368
|1940= 384
|1950= 402
|1960= 345
|1970= 342
|1980= 388
|1990= 350
|2000= 355
|2010= 415
|2020= 366
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 415 people, 161 households, and 89 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|198.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 161 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.7% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 18.6% were from 45 to 64; and 29.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 355 people, 142 households, and 81 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|172.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.56% from two or more races.

There were 142 households, out of which 20.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 38.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,954.  About 6.8% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

