==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 140
|1900= 428
|1910= 550
|1920= 571
|1930= 617
|1940= 729
|1950= 691
|1960= 830
|1970= 994
|1980= 1134
|1990= 1182
|2000= 1187
|2010= 1206
|2020= 1195
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,206 people, 472 households, and 322 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|964.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 513 housing units at an average density of {{convert|410.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 7.8% of the population.

There were 472 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 37.4 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,187 people, 471 households, and 322 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,253.4 people per square mile (482.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 502 housing units at an average density of 530.1 per square mile (204.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 471 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,300, and the median income for a family was $48,864. Males had a median income of $33,304 versus $24,135 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,762. About 2.1% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

