==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 250
| 1930 = 331
| 1940 = 336
| 1950 = 284
| 1960 = 225
| 1970 = 240
| 1980 = 238
| 1990 = 227
| 2000 = 186
| 2010 = 192
| 2020 = 116
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 115
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 186 people, 71 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|173.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.86% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.23% from two or more races. 2.15% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 71 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $31,094. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,474. About 14.3% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.1% of those 65 or over.

