==Demographics==
===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 2,575 people in 1,228 households residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|45.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 1,740 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 51.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|American Indian & Alaska Native]], 11.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.79% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Native Hawaiian & Pacific Islander]], 0.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 25.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents of any race were 8.82% of the population.<ref name="census.gov">[https://www.census.gov/popfinder US Census Bureau – 2010 Population Finder – Volcano CDP]</ref>

There were 1,228 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them.  The average household size was 2.10.<ref name="census.gov"/>

In the Volcano CDP, 17.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 8.8% from 25 to 34, 16.4% from 35 to 49, 34.6% from 50 to 64, and 17.5% was 65 years of age or older.  For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males.  For every 100 males there were 100.7 females.<ref name="census.gov"/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,231 people, 896 households, and 498 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|39.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 1,229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|21.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 47.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 11.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 12.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 26.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents of any race were 9.28% of the population.

There were 896 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, 20.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% was 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,977, and the median income for a family was $44,432. Males had a median income of $30,929 versus $31,679 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,913.  About 10.4% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 2.3% of those age 65 or over.

