==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 130
|1940= 134
|1950= 122
|1960= 118
|1970= 80
|1980= 71
|1990= 56
|2000= 59
|2010= 38
|2020= 29
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 29 people, 13 households, and 11 families in Danville.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Danville%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 349.4 per square mile (134.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 19 housing units at an average density of 228.9 per square mile (88.4/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Danville%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 82.76% (24) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (75.86% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 17.24% (5) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Danville%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 10.34% (3) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Danville%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 13 households, 61.5% had children under the age of 18; 76.9% were married couples living together; 7.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 15.4% of households consisted of individuals and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.1 and the average family size was 2.3.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Danville%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

34.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 10.3% from 25 to 44, 34.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.1 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 90.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median family income was $96,250 (+/- $87,780).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Danville%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $33,750 (+/- $33,344).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Danville%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 38 people, 19 households, and 8 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|475.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|325.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 57.9% were non-families. 42.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> of 2000, there were 59 people, 26 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|685.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|348.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 26 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 20.3% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 135.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,313, and the median income for a family was $19,583. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,743. There were 13.3% of families and 12.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

