==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 552
|1930= 403
|1940= 1132
|1950= 1572
|1960= 1932
|1970= 1779
|1980= 2635
|1990= 1808
|2000= 1660
|2010= 1821
|2020= 1214
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1186
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Basile racial composition as of 2020<ref name=":0">{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2204580&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 839
| 69.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 234
| 19.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 15
| 1.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 63
| 5.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 57
| 4.7%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,214 people, 570 households, and 345 families residing in the town. As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of [[2000 United States census|2000]], there were 1,660 people, 629 households, and 417 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,455.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 696 housing units at an average density of {{convert|610.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 629 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $18,922, and the median income for a family was $23,008. Males had a median income of $21,389 versus $13,603 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,568. About 30.3% of families and 31.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.7% of those under the age of 18 and 21.5% of those 65 and older.

