==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 325
|1900= 434
|1910= 459
|1920= 442
|1930= 436
|1940= 488
|1950= 437
|1960= 467
|1970= 588
|1980= 928
|1990= 977
|2000= 1103
|2010= 1098
|2020= 1031
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,098 people, 399 households, and 271 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1689.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 452 housing units at an average density of {{convert|695.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 81.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 11.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 26.0% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=October 2025}}

There were 399 households, of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.40.{{Citation needed|date=October 2025}}

The median age in the city was 34.1 years. 31.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.{{Citation needed|date=October 2025}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,103 people, 432 households, and 288 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,697.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 480 housing units at an average density of {{convert|738.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 81.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 14.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 18.04% of the population.{{Citation needed|date=October 2025}}

There were 432 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.20.{{Citation needed|date=October 2025}}

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.1 males.{{Citation needed|date=October 2025}}

The median income for a household in the city was $24,318, and the median income for a family was $28,636. Males had a median income of $21,731 versus $16,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,662. About 14.6% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.8% of those under age 18 and 24.5% of those age 65 or over.{{Citation needed|date=October 2025}}

