==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010 = 279
|2020 = 637
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

La Vina first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that La Vina had a population of 637. The population density was {{convert|6,306.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of La Vina was 172 (27.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 3 (0.5%) [[African Americans|African American]], 41 (6.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 306 (48.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 115 (18.1%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 590 persons (92.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=La Vina CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0640872 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 24, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 153 households, out of which 82 (53.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 87 (56.9%) were married-couple households, 13 (8.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 30 (19.6%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 23 (15.0%) had a male householder with no partner present. 11 households (7.2%) were one person, and 5 (3.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 4.16.<ref name=DP1/> There were 131 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (85.6% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=La Vina CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0640872 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 24, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 206 people (32.3%) under the age of 18, 73 people (11.5%) aged 18 to 24, 139 people (21.8%) aged 25 to 44, 154 people (24.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 65 people (10.2%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 29.1{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 113.0 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,594.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 153 (95.0%) were occupied. Of these, 53 (34.6%) were owner-occupied, and 100 (65.4%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

