==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 236
|1890= 432
|1900= 448
|1910= 504
|1920= 323
|1930= 325
|1940= 327
|1950= 364
|1960= 323
|1970= 376
|1980= 388
|1990= 339
|2000= 318
|2010= 286
|2020= 342
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 286 people, 118 households, and 78 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|922.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 118 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.90. The median household income was 26,964.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|language=en|access-date=January 12, 2018}}</ref>

The median age in the village was 40.6 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 318 people, 132 households, and 85 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,011.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|511.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 93.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.72% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,389, and the median income for a family was $35,139. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,170.  About 9.2% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

