==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 815
|1920= 1263
|1930= 1217
|1940= 1200
|1950= 1475
|1960= 1510
|1970= 1438
|1980= 1373
|1990= 1203
|2000= 1116
|2010= 1227
|2020= 854
|estyear=2024
|estimate=866
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The median income for a household in the town was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $38,021. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $18,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,587. About 9.7% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 20.2% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> there were 1,227 people, 524 households, and 335 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|852.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 576 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 524 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 43.5 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2020 census===

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name="USCensus2020">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 3, 2022}}</ref> there were 850 people, 365 households, and 230 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|590|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 410 housing units at an average density of {{convert|285|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.<ref name="USCensus2020Housing">{{cite web |title=Housing Units by Place: 2020 |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/planning-management.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 19, 2025}}</ref> The racial makeup of the town was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.<ref name="USCensus2020Race">{{cite web |title=Race and Ethnicity Data for 2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/clendenintownwestvirginia/RHI225221 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 19, 2025}}</ref>

There were 365 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.9% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.91.<ref name="USCensus2020Household">{{cite web |title=Household and Family Characteristics: 2020 |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/ |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 19, 2025}}</ref>

The median age in the town was 44.8 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.<ref name="USCensus2020Age">{{cite web |title=Age and Gender Data: 2020 |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/ |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 19, 2025}}</ref>

