==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 728 people, 275 households, and 210 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|139.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 313 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.14% of the population.

There were 275 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,364, and the median income for a family was $35,227. Males had a median income of $31,406 versus $11,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,809. About 29.0% of families and 37.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 59.2% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

