==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 190
|1930= 362
|1970= 315
|1980= 474
|1990= 238
|2000= 480
|2010= 556
|2020= 638
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 480 people, 196 households, and 131 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|367.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 220 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 22.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.62% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.71% of the population.

There were 196 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $25,972 versus $17,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,933. About 12.7% of families and 20.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 39.0% of those age 65 or over.

