==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 127
|1920= 167
|1930= 187
|1940= 158
|1950= 94
|1960= 77
|1970= 88
|1980= 102
|1990= 64
|2000= 86
|2010= 68
|2020= 55
|estyear=2021
|estimate=54
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 68 people, 30 households, and 15 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|680.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|370.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 30 households, of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the village was 37 years. 32.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 17.6% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 33 households, and 22 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|734.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|307.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 33 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.7% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $28,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,871. There were no families and 2.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

