==Demographics==
As of 2010 census, there were 324 people residing in Maple Falls.<ref name="GR2" />

As of the census of 2000, there were 277 people, 109 households, and 70 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|91.7|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.4|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 6.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 27.4% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $56,477. Males had a median income of $40,250 versus $17,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,216. None of the families and 3.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

