==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 523
|1920= 536
|1930= 497
|1940= 507
|1950= 438
|1960= 386
|1970= 377
|1980= 441
|1990= 411
|2000= 450
|2010= 385
|2020= 379
|estimate= 373
|estyear= 2022
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov-2022">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2023-06-19}}</ref><ref name = "Census Tabels">{{cite web | url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html | title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023 }}</ref> there are 373 people.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 385 people, 157 households, and 104 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1132.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|555.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 157 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the city was 37.9 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 450 people, 173 households, and 129 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,314.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|581.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.67% from two or more races.

There were 173 households, out of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,571, and the median income for a family was $39,271. Males had a median income of $25,673 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,940. About 7.3% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

