==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 56
|1920= 108
|1930= 131
|1940= 114
|1950= 128
|1960= 103
|1970= 99
|1980= 82
|1990= 77
|2000= 53
|2010= 73
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 53 people, 26 households, and 17 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|197.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.1% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 15.1% from 25 to 44, 37.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $14,375 versus $38,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,562. There were 24.0% of families and 22.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 41.7% of under eighteens and 44.4% of those over 64.

