==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1880= 95
|1970= 244
|1980= 1301
|1990= 1022
|2000= 923
|2010= 1081
|2020= 1020
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 923 people, 362 [[household]]s, and 275 [[family|families]] residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|436.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 383 [[house|housing]] units at an average density of {{convert|181.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 362 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the city was $27,009, and the median income for a family was $32,019. Males had a median income of $31,827 versus $19,018 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,154. About 23.6% of families and 27.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.1% of those under age 18 and 31.5% of those age 65 or over.

