==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 246
|1980= 315
|1990= 268
|2000= 231
|2010= 220
|2020= 193
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 220 people, 97 households, and 61 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|89.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.2% from two or more races.

There were 97 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 44.3 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 231 people, 98 households, and 64 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|87.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.87% from two or more races. 58.5% were of [[Finnish American|Finnish]], 12.5% [[German American|German]], 6.0% [[French American|French]] and 5.5% [[English American|English]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]]. 92.3% spoke [[English language|English]] and 7.7% [[finnish language|Finnish]] as their first language.

There were 98 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,406, and the median income for a family was $37,188. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,266. About 4.9% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

