==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 65 people, 23 households, and 18 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|583.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 23 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.4% were non-families. 13.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,250, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,684. There were 26.3% of families and 21.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

