==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 316
|1890= 326
|1960= 345
|1970= 328
|1980= 342
|1990= 277
|2000= 323
|2010= 295
|2020= 243
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 323 people, 135 households, and 91 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|64.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 65.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.79% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,071, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,225. About 17.9% of families and 23.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.6% of those under age 18 and 26.2% of those age 65 or over.

