==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 356
|1930= 285
|1940= 294
|1950= 227
|1960= 189
|1970= 125
|1980= 116
|1990= 38
|2000= 86
|2010= 60
|2020= 42
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 60 people, 33 households, and 19 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|107.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.7% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.37.

The median age in the village was 61.5 years. 13.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 6.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.6% were from 45 to 64; and 41.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 41 households, and 27 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|153.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 41 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.56.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 79.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,750, and the median income for a family was $28,958. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $7,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,795. There were no families and 6.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

