==Demographics==
|2020= 1168
{{US Census population
|2000=1037
|2010=1129
|2020=1168
|float=
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<br/>2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Jolivue CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5141144&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Jolivue CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5141144&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
|align=left}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,037 people, 551 households, and 249 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 527.2 people per square mile (203.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 594 housing units at an average density of 302.0/sq&nbsp;mi (116.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.09% of the population.

There were 551 households, out of which 17.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.8% were non-families. 49.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 74.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,672, and the median income for a family was $40,150. Males had a median income of $29,313 versus $25,395 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,905. About 6.0% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

