==Demographics==

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 71 people, 29 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|244.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 39.8 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 33.7% were from 45 to 64; and 7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 72 people, 28 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|248.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|106.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.39% from two or more races.

There were 28 households, out of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,078. There were 13.3% of families and 20.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.2% of under eighteens and 27.3% of those over 64.{{cn|date=October 2021}}

