==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 245
|1890= 288
|1900= 276
|1910= 234
|1920= 159
|1930= 173
|1940= 216
|1950= 227
|1960= 290
|1970= 285
|1980= 294
|1990= 304
|2000= 246
|2010= 232
|2020= 215
|estyear=2023
|estimate=213
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 232 people, 94 households, and 67 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1008.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|460.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.0% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.7% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 42.7 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 246 people, 98 households, and 76 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,082.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|470.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.50% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,583, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $30,208 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,094. About 6.7% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

