==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 123
| 2000 = 101
| 2010 = 112
| 2020 = 113
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 108
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 101 people, 43 households, and 28 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|274.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|138.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.03% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 2.97% from two or more races. 0.99% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 43 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $24,063. Males had a median income of $19,583 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,828. There were 22.6% of families and 29.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 55.6% of under eighteens and 13.8% of those over 64.

