==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 649
|1940= 687
|1950= 664
|1960= 571
|1970= 463
|1980= 439
|1990= 349
|2000= 330
|2010= 318
|2020= 271
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 330 people, 151 households, and 101 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,070.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,116.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.91% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.91% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.79% of the population.

There were 151 households, out of which 19.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,205, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $16,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,240. About 8.9% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.-->
{{clear|left}}

