==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 8140
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 8,140 people, 3,316 households, and 2,237 families in Cumberland Hill. The population density was {{convert|2,558.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 3,393 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,066.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20dp1 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 86.38% (7,031) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (85.45% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 1.71% (139) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.1% (8) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 5.34% (435) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 1.72% (140) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.74% (386) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 4.24% (345) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 3,316 households, 30.7% had children under the age of 18; 53.5% were married couples living together; 25.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.5% of households consisted of individuals and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.7 and the average family size was 3.3.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 34.1% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

20.6% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.6 years. For every 100 females, the population had 106.8 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 111.7 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $94,773 (with a margin of error of +/- $18,500) and the median family income was $110,654 (+/- $12,490). Males had a median income of $65,172 (+/- $10,675) versus $43,532 (+/- $4,974) for females.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $55,053 (+/- $5,278).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 3.0% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under the age of 18 and 4.5% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Cumberland%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7,738 people, 3,054 households, and 2,204 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|908.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 3,109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|364.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 3,054 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $57,697, and the median income for a family was $68,361. Males had a median income of $44,332 versus $31,650 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,879. About 2.2% of families and 2.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.1% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.

