==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 970
|2010= 951
|2020= 934
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 970 people, 228 households, and 206 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|73.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 277 housing units at an average density of {{convert|21.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP<ref>{{GNIS|2408602|Leupp CDP}}</ref> was 98.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races.  1.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 228 households, out of which 54.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were married couples living together, 29.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.6% were non-families. 9.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.25 and the average family size was 4.53.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 43.7% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 4.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,458, and the median income for a family was $29,219. Males had a median income of $28,661 versus $24,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,137.  About 29.4% of families and 33.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.0% of those under age 18 and 43.1% of those age 65 or over.

