==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 204
|2020= 217
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t 2010 U.S. Census]
|estimate=159
|estref={{decrease}}
|estyear=2020}}

As of the census of 2010,<ref name="census"/> there were 204 people, 92 households, and 63 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 15.07 people per square mile (5.82/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 114 housing units at an average density of 8.42/sq&nbsp;mi (3.25/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were married couples living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median household income is $46,250. The poverty rate is 8.2% in Deep River.

94.6% of Deep Riverians have graduated from high school or higher. For 37.2% of residents, their highest educational attainment is high school or an equivalent degree; 31.8% have some college, and no degree; 17.6% have an associate's degree; 4.1% each have a bachelor's degree or a graduate and professional degree.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 15.2% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 17.2% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 27.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.4 males.

