==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 154
|1950= 241
|1960= 250
|1970= 407
|1980= 476
|1990= 474
|2000= 451
|2010= 360
|2020= 319
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|access-date=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

{{as of|pre=the |2000}} [[census]],<ref>{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008}}</ref> there were 451 people, 201 households, and 127 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|95.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 350 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.34% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.11% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.67% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.88% from two or more races. Furthermore, 0.22% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race. The 2010 census listed the population at 360,<ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web |title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Mentone town, Alabama |url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US0148064|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder |access-date=October 7, 2015}}{{dead link|bot=medic|date=April 2020}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}</ref> down from 451 in 2000.

There were 201 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. Moreover, 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 persons, and the average family size was 2.87 persons.

Within the town, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% from 65 and older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,625, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $27,411 versus $17,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,561. About 13.5% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], with 10.0% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those aged 65 or over.

