==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1930|814
|1940|616
|1950|294
|1960|262
|1970|216
|1980|210
|1990|166
|2000|163
|2010|152
|2020|120
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[Census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Williamson_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1985935 |access-date=2022-12-07 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> the total population was 120 people. The population density was 375 people per square mile, spread over 0.32 miles. Of those 120 people, the median age was 29.5 years old, with 41.8% of the town's population under the age of 18, 52.8% between the ages of 18 and 64, and 5.4% of the population over the age of 65. There were a total of 57 households, with an average of 4.67 people per household.

51% of the town's population was male, with the remaining 49% of the population female. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% White, 2.5% Hispanic, and the remaining 0.9% identified as other.

61.9% of the population of the town is identified as currently married.

90.4% of the Williamson population has received a high school degree, which is 2.2 percentage points lower than the rest of the state. Williamson has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, with only 1% of the town's population having received a bachelor's degree compared to the state average of 30.5%.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Williamson, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1985935-williamson-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-07 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

6.5% of the town's population were veterans.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 152 people, 63 households, and 40 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|475.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 63 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 14.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.9% male and 44.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 163 people, 71 households, and 46 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|510.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 71 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 132.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,000, and the median income for a family was $25,833. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,456. About 28.6% of families and 26.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.8% of those 65 or over.

