==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 315
|1930= 285
|1940= 206
|1950= 237
|1960= 192
|1970= 160
|1980= 181
|1990= 159
|2000= 148
|2010= 129
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 129 people, 56 households, and 35 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|444.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|217.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 56 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 46.5 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 148 people, 62 households, and 43 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|514.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.70% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.70% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $21,964 versus $14,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,688. There were 17.5% of families and 25.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 31.1% of under eighteens and 36.8% of those over 64.

