==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1880= 820
|1890= 813
|1900= 714
|1910= 894
|1920= 1262
|1930= 1308
|1940= 1459
|1950= 1916
|1960= 2271
|1970= 2616
|1980= 2533
|1990= 2288
|2000= 2498
|2010= 2434
|2020= 2605
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 |url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920 |access-date=October 10, 2021 |archive-date=March 8, 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220308015914/https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920 |url-status=dead }}</ref>
}}}}
As of the 2010 census, the borough was 89.7% Non-Hispanic White, 3.5% Black or African American, 2.6% Asian, and 1.9% were two or more races. 2.5% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,498 people, 1,170 households, and 649 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,729.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,320.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 93.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.44% [[Race (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.20% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. 1.76% of the population were [[Race (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,170 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 35.3% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the township was $58,221, and the median income for a family was $70,938. Males had a median income of $50,816 versus $41,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the township was $32,802. About 1.7% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 3.3% of those age 65 or over.

