==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 204
|1890= 670
|1900= 840
|1910= 741
|1920= 1014
|1930= 985
|1940= 802
|1950= 859
|1960= 832
|1970= 895
|1980= 932
|1990= 850
|2000= 827
|2010= 830
|2020= 857
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 13, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 830 people, 359 households, and 228 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1276.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 396 housing units at an average density of {{convert|609.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 359 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 45.2 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 24.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 827 people, 350 households, and 227 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,302.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 372 housing units at an average density of {{convert|585.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 350 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $35,515, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $31,850 versus $19,943 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,825. About 3.9% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.

