==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 378
|1890= 482
|1900= 677
|1910= 1131
|1920= 1358
|1930= 1301
|1940= 1332
|1950= 1261
|1960= 1240
|1970= 1138
|1980= 983
|1990= 806
|2000= 826
|2010= 818
|2020= 788
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The village showed a gain in population in 2000, the first since 1940.

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 826 people, 364 households, and 228 families residing in the village.  The population density was 1,204.2 people per square mile (462.2/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 400 housing units at an average density of 583.1/sq&nbsp;mi (223.8/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 97.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 364 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 25.2% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

