==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 35
|1970= 50
|1980= 110
|1990= 234
|2000= 230
|2010= 252
|2020= 255
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 and 2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Golf racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<br>
!Race
!Pop 2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Golf village, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Golf+village;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Golf village, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Golf+village;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|249
|249
|98.81%
|97.65%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|1
|0
|0.40%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|0.78%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Other races (U.S. Census)|Some other race]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races/Multiracial]] (NH)
|0
|2
|0.00%
|0.78%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|2
|2
|0.79%
|0.78%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''252'''
|'''255'''
|
|
|-
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 255 people, 124 households, and 101 families residing in the village.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2020: Golf village, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Golf+village;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2020.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 252 people, 141 households, and 111 families residing in the village.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2010: Golf village, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Golf+village;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2010.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 230 people, 119 households, and 84 families in the village.  The population density was {{convert|277.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 97.39% White, 0.87% African American, 1.74% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.17%.<ref name="GR2" />

In 2000, of the 119 households, 9.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.1% were married couples living together, 1.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 28.6% of households were one person and 26.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.31.

In 2000, the age distribution was 9.1% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 6.1% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 55.2% 65 or older. The median age was 67 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

In 2000, the median household income was in excess of $200,000, as is the median family income. Males had a median income of over $100,000 versus $50,833 for females. The per capita income for the village was $144,956. None of the families and 1.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]]. No one under 18 below poverty, and 3.4% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

As of 2000, [[English language|English]] as a [[first language]] accounted for 100% of the population. It, as well as [[Briny Breezes, Florida|Briny Breezes]], [[Cloud Lake, Florida|Cloud Lake]], and [[Jupiter Inlet Colony, Florida|Jupiter Inlet Colony]] were the only [[municipality|municipalities]] in Palm Beach county with all residents having the [[mother tongue]] of English.<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=12&county_id=&mode=&zip=&place_id=26550&cty_id=&ll=&a=&ea=&order=r |title=MLA Data Center Results for Golf, Florida |publisher=[[Modern Language Association]] |access-date=December 2, 2007}}</ref>

