==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 29
|1900= 365
|1910= 422
|1920= 398
|1930= 437
|1940= 339
|1950= 315
|1960= 259
|1970= 207
|1980= 196
|1990= 156
|2000= 181
|2010= 126
|2020= 106
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 106 people, 36 households, and 19 families in Goff.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 514.6 per square mile (198.7/km{{sup|2}}). There were 52 housing units at an average density of 252.4 per square mile (97.5/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 90.57% (96) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (90.57% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.94% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.49% (9) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.83% (3) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 36 households, 30.6% had children under 18; 36.1% were married couples living together; 25.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 44.4% of households consisted of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.0, and the average family size was 2.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percentage of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 13.2%.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

33.0% of the population was under 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 14.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.7 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 77.5 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $51,875 (with a margin of error of +/- $32,088) and the median family income was $51,875 (+/- $39,092).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $47,917 (+/- $36,336). The median income for those above 16 was $25,750 (+/- $10,077).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately 27.6% of families and 28.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.0% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those aged 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Goff%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 126 people, 49 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|600.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|295.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The city's racial makeup was 90.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 7.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 40.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 22.4% of all households consisted of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 33.3 years. 34.1% of residents were under 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 181 people, 60 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|855.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.76% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 43.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.66.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 38.1% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 14.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,781, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,028. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

