==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 479
|1890= 443
|1900= 490
|1910= 483
|1920= 481
|1930= 606
|1940= 600
|1950= 676
|1960= 876
|1970= 802
|1980= 1179
|1990= 1186
|2000= 1146
|2010= 1829
|2020= 2016
|estyear=2022
|estimate=2096
|estref=<ref name="2022censusestimate">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 28, 2023 |archive-date=June 14, 2022 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220614173721/https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |url-status=live }}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=<ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States Census]], the population of Stephens City was 2,016&nbsp;people in 802&nbsp;households, and 451&nbsp;families residing in the town. The total showed an increase of 10.2% from 2010.<ref name="Census 2020"/> The 2022 estimate placed the population at 2,096.<ref name="2022censusestimate"/> The racial makeup of the town was 86%&nbsp;[[White American|White]], 10.3%&nbsp;[[African American]], 3.2%&nbsp;[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2.8%&nbsp;[[Asian American|Asian]], and 7.3%&nbsp;from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#Race|other races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 8.4%&nbsp;of the population.<ref name="Census 2020"/> According to the 2021 [[American Community Survey]], 82.7% of town residents speak only [[English language|English]] at home, followed by [[Spanish language|Spanish]] at 16.1%, Asian and Pacific Island languages at 0.5%, one of the [[Indo-European languages]] other than Spanish at 0.1%, and other languages at 0.5%.<ref name="2021languages">{{cite web | url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5175344&tid=ACSST5Y2021.S1601 | title=Language Spoken at Home | publisher=U.S. Census Bureau | accessdate=May 29, 2023 | archive-date=May 29, 2023 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230529090312/https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5175344&tid=ACSST5Y2021.S1601 | url-status=live }}</ref>

Of the 802&nbsp;households in 2020, 31.5% had children under the age of&nbsp;18 living with them, 39.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.17. The age distribution was 25.2% under 18, 8% from 18 to 24, 28% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 or older. The median age was 36.1 years.<ref name="Census 2020"/> According to the 2021 American Community Survey, the median income for a household in the town was $80,625, and the median income for a family was $86,429. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $52,422. Residents who had earned a [[bachelor's degree]] or higher was 24.8%.<ref name="2020householdincome">{{cite web | url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5175344&tid=ACSST5Y2021.S1901 | title=Income in the Past 12 Months (in 2021-inflation adjusted dollars): Stephens City town; Virginia | publisher=U.S. Census Bureau | accessdate=May 28, 2023 | archive-date=May 29, 2023 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230529042717/https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5175344&tid=ACSST5Y2021.S1901 | url-status=live }}</ref><ref name="2021snapshot">{{cite web | url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Stephens_City_town;_Virginia?g=160XX00US5175344 | title=Profile: Stephens City town; Virginia | publisher=U.S. Census Bureau | accessdate=May 29, 2023 | archive-date=May 29, 2023 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230529042719/https://data.census.gov/profile/Stephens_City_town;_Virginia?g=160XX00US5175344 | url-status=live }}</ref>

According to the 2021 American Community Survey, residents self-identified with a variety of ethnic ancestries; the major categories reflect descendants of the settlers of the 18th and 19th centuries. People of [[German American|German]] descent make up 10.7% of the population of the town, followed by [[English American|English]] at 7.6%, [[Irish American|Irish]] at 7.5%, [[Scottish American|Scottish]] at 5.9%,  [[Italian American|Italian]] at 2.6%, [[Scotch-Irish American|Scotch-Irish]] at 1.3%, [[Polish American|Polish]] at 1.3%, [[Welsh American|Welsh]] at 1.0%, [[Sub-Saharan Africa|Subsaharan African]] at 1.0%, [[French American|French]] at 0.8%, [[French Canadian American|French Canadian]] at 0.8%, [[Czech American|Czech]] at 0.7%, [[Swedish American|Swedish]] at 0.3%, [[Dutch American|Dutch]] at 0.2%, [[Greek American|Greek]] at 0.2%, [[Russian American|Russian]] at 0.1%, and [[Slovak American|Slovak]] at 0.1%. 289 persons, or 12.5%, self-identified as [[American ancestry|American]].<ref name="2021ancestry">{{cite web | url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5175344&tid=ACSDP5Y2021.DP02 | title=Selected Social Characteristics in the United States | publisher=U.S. Census Bureau | accessdate=May 29, 2023 | archive-date=May 29, 2023 | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230529082112/https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5175344&tid=ACSDP5Y2021.DP02 | url-status=live }}</ref>

