==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 104
|2010= 98
|2000= 114
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2000 Census data===
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 114 people, 61 households, and 32 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|120.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.75% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.75% of the population.

There were 61 households, out of which 11.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.5% were non-families. It is unknown how many male householders with no wife present existed. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.47.

In the CDP, the population dispersal was 12.3% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 43.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.2 males. The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $21,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,172. There were 11.1% of families and 12.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

