==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 150
|1920= 142
|1930= 192
|1940= 140
|1950= 136
|1960= 117
|1970= 75
|1980= 85
|1990= 99
|2000= 118
|2010= 98
|2020= 94
|estyear=2022
|estimate=91
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 98 people, 40 households, and 27 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1400.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|628.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 38.3 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.1% male and 45.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 118 people, 42 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,655.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|701.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.54% of the population.

There were 42 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 38.1% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $45,313. Males had a median income of $26,719 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,316. There were 2.9% of families and 10.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

