==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 167
|1890= 470
|1900= 342
|1910= 610
|1920= 699
|1930= 675
|1940= 542
|1950= 607
|1960= 603
|1970= 559
|1980= 590
|1990= 587
|2000= 589
|2010= 554
|2020= 431
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 589 people, 237 households, and 162 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|581.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.3|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 55.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 42.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.53% of the population.

There were 237 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,556, and the median income for a family was $32,778. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $21,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,431. About 13.7% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

