==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 11
|1950= 27
|1960= 51
|1970= 41
|1980= 56
|1990= 57
|2000= 61
|2010= 70
|2020= 70
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Oscarville first reported on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated Native village. In 1980, it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 61 people, 15 households, and 12 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|40.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.36% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.64% from two or more races, and 0.00% [[Race (United States Census)|white]].

There were 15 households, out of which 53.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.07 and the average family size was 4.58.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.6% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 14.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 women, there were 110.3 men. For every 100 women age 18 and over, there were 133.3 men.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $8,125, and the median income for a family was $16,250. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,824. There were 50.0% of families and 40.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

