==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1960 = 20
| 1970 = 10
| 1980 = 2
| 1990 = 9
| 2000 = 10
| 2010 = 3
| 2020 = 4
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3 people, 2 households, and 0 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 5 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 2 households, of which 100.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 0.00.

The median age in the city was 56.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0 were from 25 to 44; 2 were from 45 to 64; and 1 were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 1 male and 2 females.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 10 people, 3 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|13.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 4 housing units at an average density of {{convert|5.4|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 3 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 0.0% were non-families. The average household and family size was 3.33.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 10.0% from 45 to 64, and 40.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 150.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 150.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $51,250, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $8,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,022. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

