==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 487
|1920= 611
|1930= 619
|1940= 625
|1950= 739
|1960= 766
|1970= 644
|1980= 782
|1990= 628
|2000= 567
|2010= 589
|2020= 462
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 589 people, 278 households, and 153 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|545.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 308 housing units at an average density of {{convert|285.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 278 households, of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.0% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 50.4 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 567 people, 239 households, and 139 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|532.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 321 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 239 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,518, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,893 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,105. About 2.9% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.7% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.

