==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 7074
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, the population was 2,521, including 990 households, and 685 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|573.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,052 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 685 households with children, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $55,781, and the median income for a family was $62,917. Males had a median income of $46,490 versus $33,079 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,168. About 3.2% of families and 3.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.8% of those under age 18 and 2.5% of those age 65 or over.

