==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1301
|1990= 1221
|2000= 1049
|2010= 995
|2020= 983
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web| url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US2185008| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Wurtland city, Kentucky| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=December 14, 2016}}{{dead link|bot=medic|date=April 2020}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,049 people, 400 households, and 290 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|731.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 436 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.19% from two or more races.

There were 400 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 26.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,724, and the median income for a family was $34,063. Males had a median income of $35,104 versus $18,523 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,122. About 12.7% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

