==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1920= 368
|1930= 289
|1940= 237
|1950= 177
|1960= 143
|1970= 108
|1980= 129
|1990= 86
|2000= 86
|2010= 87
|2020= 72
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 87 people, 34 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|334.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.0% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.3% male and 43.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 37 households, and 27 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|336.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 37 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,071. There were 3.4% of families and 7.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

