==Demographics==
{{stack|{{Historical populations
|title  = Loghill Village CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|311
|2010|521
|2020|617
}}}}<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 311 people, 135 households, and 113 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|56.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 185 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.6% were non-families. 11.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.47.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 1.3% from 18 to 24, 19.9% from 25 to 44, 45.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $68,958, and the median income for a family was $69,792. Males had a median income of $42,500 versus $27,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $30,034. About 5.3% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
 --> 
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Loghill Village CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}{{clear|left}}

