==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 275
|1930= 375
|1940= 537
|1950= 551
|1960= 635
|1970= 536
|1980= 643
|1990= 470
|2000= 587
|2010= 560
|2020= 974
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Aynor racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4503430&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|839
|86.14%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|64
|6.57%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|7
|0.72%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|5
|0.51%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|31
|3.18%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|28
|2.87%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 974 people, 298 households, and 232 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 560 people, 228 households, and 158 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|533.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 257 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.53% of the population.

There were 228 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $30,781 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,076. About 13.1% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.3% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

