==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 251
|1890= 265
|1900= 429
|1910= 438
|1920= 444
|1930= 372
|1940= 369
|1950= 387
|1960= 389
|1970= 361
|1980= 564
|1990= 482
|2000= 371
|2010= 380
|2020= 333
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 371 people, 157 households, and 107 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,333.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|636.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 157 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 24.3% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $47,292. Males had a median income of $36,500 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,917. About 12.4% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.0% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

