==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 304
|1880= 473
|1890= 504
|1900= 533
|1910= 391
|1920= 373
|1930= 387
|1940= 380
|1950= 341
|1960= 261
|1970= 214
|1980= 221
|1990= 160
|2000= 138
|2010= 112
|2020= 83
|estyear=2021
|estimate=83
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 112 people, 52 households, and 28 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|180.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 52 households, of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 49.8 years. 17.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 138 people, 65 households, and 39 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|221.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,325. There were 7.1% of families and 13.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 3.8% of under eighteens and 5.0% of those over 64.

