==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 214
|1930= 263
|1940= 256
|1950= 268
|1960= 291
|1970= 338
|1980= 464
|1990= 411
|2000= 448
|2010= 383
|2020= 378
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 448 people, 184 households, and 117 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 932.8 people per square mile (360.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 210 housing units at an average density of 437.2 per square mile (168.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 184 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 78.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,250, and the median income for a family was $31,750. Males had a median income of $21,528 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,871. About 15.2% of families and 26.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.0% of those under age 18 and 27.9% of those age 65 or over.

