==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 248
|1890= 857
|1900= 1052
|1910= 1342
|1920= 1487
|1930= 1479
|1940= 1526
|1950= 1403
|1960= 1317
|1970= 1363
|1980= 1603
|1990= 1549
|2000= 1627
|2010= 1577
|2020= 1520
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Stanton is part of the [[Norfolk, Nebraska]] [[Norfolk Micropolitan Statistical Area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,577 people, 668 households, and 424 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|906.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 730 housing units at an average density of {{convert|419.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 668 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 42 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,627 people, 612 households, and 438 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|924.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 653 housing units at an average density of {{convert|371.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.40% of the population.

There were 612 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $33,462, and the median income for a family was $42,717. Males had a median income of $28,636 versus $20,221 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,637. About 5.8% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

