==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1860 = 639
|1860n=<ref name="MI-Gazetteer-1863">{{cite book |last1=Clark |first1=Charles F. |title=Michigan State Gazetteer and Business Directory for 1863--4 |edition=Second |date=1863 |publisher=Charles F. Clark |location=Detroit |page=98 |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=-CELAAAAIAAJ&pg=PA98 |access-date=January 28, 2022}}</ref>
| 1870 = 704
| 1880 = 747
| 1890 = 612
| 1900 = 656
| 1910 = 611
| 1920 = 574
| 1930 = 592
| 1940 = 596
| 1950 = 683
| 1960 = 687
| 1970 = 758
| 1980 = 708
| 1990 = 824
| 2000 = 726
| 2010 = 789
| 2020 = 763
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 789 people, 297 households, and 209 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|646.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|266.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 297 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 726 people, 296 households, and 200 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|596.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.83% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.20% from two or more races. 2.07% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 296 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,191, and the median income for a family was $48,333. Males had a median income of $31,167 versus $23,864 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,629. 9.0% of the population and 5.3% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 12.4% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

