==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 315
|1910= 522
|1920= 556
|1930= 577
|1940= 655
|1950= 697
|1960= 772
|1970= 918
|1980= 990
|1990= 1003
|2000= 1012
|2010= 1075
|2020= 1052
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name=www.census.gov>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 9, 2024}}</ref>
of 2020, there were 1052 people, 507 households, and 219 families living in the village. The [[population density]]
was {{convert|1062.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 434 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.
The racial makeup of the village was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]],
0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]],
1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]
or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,075 people, 392 households, and 307 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1096.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 415 housing units at an average density of {{convert|423.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 392 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.7% were non-families. 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,012 people, 370 households, and 283 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,049.9 people per square mile (407.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 384 housing units at an average density of 398.4 per square mile (154.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. 2.87% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 370 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.5% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $51,053, and the median income for a family was $56,154. Males had a median income of $37,833 versus $24,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,131. About 1.1% of families and 1.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

