==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 251
| 1920 = 184
| 1930 = 215
| 1940 = 227
| 1950 = 268
| 1960 = 254
| 1970 = 215
| 1980 = 281
| 1990 = 260
| 2000 = 283
| 2010 = 285
| 2020 = 234
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2013}}</ref><br/>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 14, 2016|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 285 people, 105 households, and 75 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|250.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.0% of the population.

There were 105 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the town was 37.9 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 283 people, 100 households, and 74 families living in the town. The population density was 279.7 people per square mile (108.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 109 housing units at an average density of 107.7 per square mile (41.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.18% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were married couples living together, 23.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 35.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,333, and the median income for a family was $27,188. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,412. About 24.7% of families and 34.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.9% of those sixty-five or over.

