==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 286
|1870= 410
|1880= 421
|1890= 397
|1900= 355
|1910= 233
|1920= 237
|1930= 270
|1940= 360
|1950= 409
|1960= 438
|1970= 416
|1980= 482
|1990= 381
|2000= 321
|2010= 371
|2020= 308
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 371 people, 142 households, and 97 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2182.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|929.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 142 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 36.6 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 321 people, 122 households, and 90 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,084.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|831.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 122 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 103.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,306, and the median income for a family was $47,000. Males had a median income of $31,063 versus $21,154 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,897. About 5.0% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 18.4% of those age 65 or over.

