==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1045
|1880= 1058
|1890= 1448
|1900= 1456
|1910= 1917
|1920= 2289
|1930= 2451
|1940= 2354
|1950= 2156
|1960= 1843
|1970= 1685
|1980= 1192
|1990= 1108
|2000= 959
|2010= 838
|2020= 632
|estyear=2021
|estimate=629
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2000 U.S. Census===
According to the [[2000 United States census]], Shickshinny had a population of 959 people, who made up 415 households and 241 families. The borough was 99% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|white]], the remaining 1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|were multiracial or unlisted.]] The population was approximately 47% male and 53% female, with 21% of the population below the age of 18, and 23% over the age of 65. The median age was 40.

The households occupied 415 of the 478 housing units in the borough, of these 60% were owned and 40% were rented. Out of the 415 households, 30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41% had elders over 65. About 41% of households were [[Marriage|married]], 10% had a female householder with no husband, and 42% were non-family households. 37% of householders lived alone, of which 24% were over the age of 65. The average household contained 2.3 people, while the average family contained 3 people.

A sampling of the population shows that the majority of enrolled students, 63%, were in elementary school (K-8), while 27% were in high school (9–12) and 4% in college or graduate school. The remaining were in preschool. 47% of the population, over 25 years of age, had a high school diploma while 32% did not. Out of the remaining population 21% had attended college while 9% had an associate degree or greater.

The median income for a household in the borough was $28,594, while the median family income was $36,333. The male median income was $27,273 compared to the female median income of $21,250.The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,880. About 9% of families and 10% of individuals incomes were below the [[Poverty Line|poverty line]].

