==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 151
|1990= 154
|2000= 153
|2010= 142
|2020= 146
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 153 people, 61 households, and 51 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,567.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|635.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.31% from two or more races.

There were 61 households, of which 29.5% had children under 18 living with them, 83.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 14.8% were non-families. 9.8% of all households comprised individuals, and 6.6% had someone who was 65 or older living alone. The average household size was 2.51, and the average family size was 2.69.

The city's population was spread out, with 20.3% under 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 37.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $80,773, and the median income for a family was $80,888. Males had a median income of $66,250 versus $43,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $43,722. About 8.7% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

