==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 312
|1980= 1017
|1990= 1529
|2000= 2773
|2010= 2756
|2020= 2824
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/abs/decennial/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013|df= }}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Kingston Springs racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4739660&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 26, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 2,514
| 89.02%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 27
| 0.96%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 9
| 0.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 106
| 3.75%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 163
| 5.77%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,824 people, 1,013 households, and 772 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
In the [[2000 United States census]], there were 2,773 people, 983 households, and 809 families in the town. The population density was {{convert|283.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,015 housing units, at an average density of {{convert|103.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial composition]] of the town was 97.44% White, 0.87% African American, 0.36% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 0.40% from other races, and 0.40% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.54%

Of the 983 households, 43.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.1% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.7% were non-families. 13.0% of households were one person and 3.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.10.

The age distribution was 28.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 6.0% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females who were 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median household income was $58,490, and the median family income was $60,125. Males had a median income of $41,543 and females had $30,650. The per capita income for the town was $24,519, and about 5.9% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

