==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,623 people, 1,065 households, and 726 families living in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 219.3 people per square mile (84.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,216 housing units at an average density of 101.6/sq&nbsp;mi (39.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 1,065 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $18,975, and the median income for a family was $22,946. Males had a median income of $21,328 versus $23,021 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,532. About 29.3% of families and 34.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 49.0% of those under age 18 and 29.0% of those age 65 or over.

