==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 47
|1910= 122
|1920= 119
|1930= 345
|1940= 399
|1950= 515
|1960= 587
|1970= 777
|1980= 814
|1990= 709
|2000= 747
|2010= 620
|2020= 597
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Robbinsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3757020&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-19|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 470
| 78.73%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 13
| 2.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 30
| 5.03%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 0.84%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 21
| 3.52%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 58
| 9.72%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 597 people, 317 households, and 156 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 Census, there were 411 people, 283 households and 157 families. The population density was 135 people per square mile.<ref name="greatdata.com|accessdate=6"/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 747 people, 346 households, and 207 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,663.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 393 housing units at an average density of {{convert|875.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 346 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.1 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $14,688, and the median income for a family was $21,705. Males had a median income of $16,912 versus $14,886 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,275.  About 26.5% of families and 34.5% of the population were below the [[Poverty line in the United States|poverty line]], including 46.6% of those under the age of 18 and 37.8% of those 65 and older.

