==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 192
|1870= 429
|1880= 376
|1890= 361
|1900= 306
|1910= 314
|1920= 299
|1930= 321
|1940= 374
|1950= 346
|1960= 370
|1970= 335
|1980= 253
|1990= 327
|2000= 344
|2010= 234
|2020= 170
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Halifax racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3728920&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-25|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 111
| 65.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 51
| 30.0%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 2
| 1.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 6
| 3.53%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 170 people, 82 households, and 45 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 344 people, 103 households, and 73 families residing in the town. Preliminary Data from the 2010 Census indicates a declining population. The population density was {{convert|761.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 63.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 15.1% from 18 to 24, 33.4% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 137.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,429, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $24,063 versus $29,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,041. About 14.3% of families and 26.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.3% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

