==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 290
|1930= 229
|1940= 173
|1950= 109
|1960= 81
|1970= 82
|1980= 78
|1990= 48
|2000= 53
|2010= 64
|2020= 47
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 64 people, 29 households, and 20 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|120.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 45.5 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 39.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 57.8% male and 42.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 53 people, 24 households, and 13 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|100.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.89% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 5.66% from two or more races.

There were 24 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.7% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 17.0% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $8,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,380. There were no families and 3.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

