==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 237
|1890= 404
|1900= 510
|1910= 653
|1920= 514
|1930= 755
|1940= 658
|1950= 695
|1960= 705
|1970= 703
|1980= 606
|1990= 535
|2000= 489
|2010= 432
|2020= 417
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 489 people, 206 households, and 134 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 486.3 people per square mile (186.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 248 housing units, at an average density of 246.6 per square mile (94.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 62.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], 1.43% from two or more races, and 1.43% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 206 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.37, and the average family size was 2.95.

23.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% aged 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The [[median]] household income was $29,821, and the median family income was $39,688. Males had a median income of $23,542, versus $21,442 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,947. About 7.8% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

