==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 60
|1950= 75
|1960= 174
|1970= 124
|1980= 289
|1990= 269
|2000= 275
|2010= 231
|2020= 215
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 231 people, 96 households, and 71 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1443.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|618.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 61.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the town was 52.4 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.2% were from 25 to 44; 39% were from 45 to 64; and 25.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 275 people, 108 households, and 84 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,643.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|669.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $93,778, and the median income for a family was $101,931. Males had a median income of $80,969 versus $32,344 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $50,323. None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 4.5% of those over 64.

