==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 130
|1950= 179
|1960= 186
|1970= 204
|1980= 217
|1990= 168
|2000= 185
|2010= 216
|2020= 119
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 216 people, 93 households, and 50 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|480.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 93 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 44.7 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 185 people, 90 households, and 45 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|411.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.54% from two or more races.

There were 90 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 48.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $12,917, and the median income for a family was $20,000. Males had a median income of $26,607 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,413. About 50.0% of families and 42.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 60.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.9% of those 65 or over.

