==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 289
|1930= 212
|1940= 272
|1950= 254
|1960= 210
|1970= 162
|1980= 182
|1990= 131
|2000= 109
|2010= 103
|2020= 80
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 19, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 103 people, 44 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|447.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 44 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 109 people, 53 households, and 31 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|480.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|308.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 53 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.5% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $21,719 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,725. There were 5.6% of families and 6.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 3.8% of under eighteens and 9.1% of those over 64.

