==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 221
|1910= 261
|1920= 256
|1930= 236
|1940= 237
|1950= 275
|1960= 238
|1970= 275
|1980= 243
|1990= 218
|2000= 225
|2010= 196
|2020= 157
|estimate = 158
|estyear = 2025
|estref = <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/Modoc-demographics|title=Modoc Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 196 people, 72 households, and 50 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1960.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|870.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 72 households, of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the town was 33 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 21.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.1% male and 45.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 225 people, 84 households, and 63 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,908.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|763.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.89% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,333, and the median income for a family was $32,708. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,230. About 12.3% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.9% of those 65 or over.

