==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 229
|1940= 212
|1950= 182
|1960= 283
|1970= 296
|1980= 284
|1990= 257
|2000= 476
|2010= 367
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=349}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 476 people, 183 households, and 116 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,361.0 people per square mile (525.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 196 housing units at an average density of 560.4 per square mile (216.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 88.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 183 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.4% were married couples living together, 21.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 29.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 74.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 65.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,643, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $18,889 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,317. About 14.3% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.5% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.

