==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1890= 518
|1930= 969
|1940= 1521
|1950= 1863
|1960= 1920
|1970= 2662
|1980= 2821
|1990= 2636
|2000= 2415
|2010= 2586
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=2403}}}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Woodville racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4880212&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 25, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|1,456
|60.59%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|652
|27.13%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|15
|0.62%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|39
|1.62%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|2
|0.08%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|5
|0.21%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|84
|3.5%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|150
|6.24%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''2,403'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,403 people, 1,084 households, and 724 families residing in the town.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,415 people, 990 households, and 591 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|766.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|401.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 65.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 31.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 990 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.4 males.

The [[Median household income|median income]] for a household in the town was $23,711, and the median income for a family was $31,000. Males had a median income of $30,515 versus $21,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,686. About 19.7% of families and 23.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.1% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

