==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 199
|1930= 156
|1940= 203
|1950= 215
|1960= 201
|1970= 185
|1980= 252
|1990= 228
|2000= 148
|2010= 143
|2020= 149
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 227
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-37.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Bolivia racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3706820&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 139
| 93.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 5
| 3.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 4
| 2.68%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 149 people, 71 households, and 54 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 148 people, 58 households, and 45 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|224.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|116.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.68% from two or more races.

There were 58 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,973. There were 7.3% of families and 13.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

