==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 429
|1930= 937
|1940= 1081
|1950= 1066
|1960= 1464
|1970= 1427
|1980= 1391
|1990= 1443
|2000= 2124
|2010= 1378
|2020= 1360
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1427
|estref=<ref name="acs2022est">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=1600000US4270464&y=2022|title=ACS Survey Population Estimate 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=US Census<ref name="DecennialCensus2020">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020?g=160XX00US4270464|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,124 people, 605 households, and 402 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,272.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 638 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,283.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 92.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.97% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.73% of the population.

There were 604 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 16.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,981, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $24,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,756. About 4.0% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

