==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 82
| 1900 = 268
| 1910 = 303
| 1920 = 386
| 1930 = 355
| 1940 = 418
| 1950 = 353
| 1960 = 282
| 1970 = 539
| 1980 = 859
| 1990 = 825
| 2000 = 925
| 2010 = 1039
| 2020 = 936
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 1061
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+London racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0541270&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=January 1, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 784
| 83.76%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 3
| 0.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 10
| 1.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 63
| 6.73%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 73
| 7.8%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 936 people, 307 households, and 185 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 925 people, 359 households, and 268 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|385.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 413 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.41% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.41% from two or more races.  1.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 359 households, out of which 10.0% had children under the age of 1 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,804, and the median income for a family was $36,172. Males had a median income of $28,036 versus $17,391 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,815.  About 8.0% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.8% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.

