==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 210
|1940= 177
|1950= 190
|1960= 157
|1970= 121
|1980= 213
|1990= 169
|2000= 254
|2010= 264
|2020= 312
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 254 people, 93 households, and 69 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|1,144.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 92.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.14% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 18.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,219, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $17,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,179.  About 8.5% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 35.7% of those 65 or over.
{{clear}}

