==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 488
|1900= 813
|1910= 1048
|1920= 1147
|1930= 1037
|1940= 1195
|1950= 1251
|1960= 1381
|1970= 1391
|1980= 1376
|1990= 1279
|2000= 1367
|2010= 1399
|2020= 1332
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> there were 1,399 people, 574 households and 355 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1319.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 640 housing units at an average density of {{convert|603.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.4% of the population.

There were 574 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present and 38.2% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age was 41.7 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender make-up was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="Census" /> there were 1,367 people, 591 households and 346 families living in the city.  The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,303.8|/sqmi}}. There were 632 housing units at an average density of {{convert|602.8|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 93.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.95% of the population.
 
There were 591 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.96.

23.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $34,813 and the median family income was $47,159. Males had a median income of $31,149 and females $20,573. The [[per capita income]] was $18,188. About 3.5% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

