==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 258
|1940= 301
|1950= 283
|1960= 292
|1970= 228
|1980= 200
|1990= 165
|2000= 205
|2010= 220
|2020= 174
|estyear=2021
|estimate=174
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 16, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 16, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 220 people, 91 households, and 49 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|500.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races.

There were 91 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.41.

The median age in the city was 33.7 years. 31.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 20% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 205 people, 94 households, and 53 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|586.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 93.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.39% from two or more races.

There were 94 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.6% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,146, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,707.  About 13.5% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.2% of those 65 or over.
