==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 411
|1910= 503
|1920= 542
|1930= 474
|1940= 487
|1950= 416
|1960= 422
|1970= 418
|1980= 509
|1990= 458
|2000= 475
|2010= 446
|2020= 447
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_DP_DPDP1&prodType=table |archive-url=https://archive.today/20190521214830/https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_DP_DPDP1&prodType=table |url-status=dead |archive-date=May 21, 2019 |title=US Census 2010 |publisher=US Census 2010 |accessdate=February 23, 2012 }}</ref> of 2010, there were 446 people, 185 households, and 132 families residing in the village. There were 207 housing units of which 185 were occupied. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]], 0.9% [[2+ Races (U.S. Census)|2+ races]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.2% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]].

There were 185 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present,  and 28.6% were non-families. 30.8% of all households had individuals under 18 years of age and 29.2% had individuals who were 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 20, 4.3% from 20 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.5 years. The median age for males was 39.8, and 41.7 for females.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,982, and the median income for a family was $45,156. Males had a median income of $31,429 versus $20,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,377. About 4.9% of families and 4.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.8% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

