==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 1875
|1920= 1960
|1930= 2372
|1940= 2000
|1950= 1727
|1960= 1418
|1970= 1155
|1980= 1221
|1990= 1161
|2000= 991
|2010= 979
|2020= 893
|estyear=2021
|estimate=892
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020—2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=August 5, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were nine hundred and ninety-one people, four hundred and thirty-two households, and two hundred eighty families in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,130.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were four hundred and fifty-nine housing units at an average density of {{convert|986.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 99.90% White, and 0.10% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.01%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were four hundred and thirty-two households; 23.8% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 46.8% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 32.2% of households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% were one-person households with residents aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.89.

The age distribution was 19.7% under the age of eighteen, 6.7% from eighteen to twenty-four, 25.9% from twenty-five to forty-four, 26.8% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 20.9% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-four years.

For every one hundred females there were 93.9 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median household income was $31,793 and the median family income was $43,750. Males had a median income of $26,801 versus $23,500 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $19,108.

Roughly 8.0% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age eighteen and 10.8% of those aged sixty-five or over.

