==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 173
|1920= 200
|1930= 298
|1940= 399
|1950= 430
|1960= 1444
|1970= 1303
|1980= 1101
|1990= 993
|2000= 1124
|2010= 1216
|2020= 1187
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2013-01-25|archive-date=1996-12-27|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,216 people, 407 households, and 347 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4342.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 423 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1510.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 407 households, of which 44.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 14.7% were non-families. 10.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the town was 45.5 years. 31% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.4% were from 25 to 44; 33% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=1996-12-27|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,124 people, 406 households, and 326 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|4,001.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 419 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,491.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.94% of the population.

There were 406 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 16.5% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $144,523, and the median income for a family was $149,057. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $80,762 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $82,368. None of the families and 2.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

