==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 84
|1900= 80
|1910= 116
|1920= 106
|1930= 116
|1940= 165
|1950= 165
|1960= 209
|1970= 209
|1980= 296
|1990= 132
|2000= 74
|2010= 85
|2020= 63
|estyear=2021
|estimate=64
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 85 people, 42 households, and 22 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1416.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|783.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 42 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.6% were non-families. 45.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the town was 41.4 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 14.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 17.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 34.1% male and 65.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 74 people, 39 households, and 20 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,334.0 inhabitants per square mile (476.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 44 housing units at an average density of 793.2 per square mile (283.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, out of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.2% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.90 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 10.8% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 36.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,369. There were no families and 6.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

