==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 1500
|1880= 2171
|1890= 2261
|1900= 3104
|1910= 3684
|1920= 3850
|1930= 3788
|1940= 3843
|1950= 3911
|1960= 3819
|1970= 3638
|1980= 3623
|1990= 3537
|2000= 3463
|2010= 3320
|2020= 2927
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2909
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 3,463 people, 1,326 households, and 900 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,848.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,422 housing units at an average density of {{convert|759.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 1,326 households, out of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,216, and the median income for a family was $34,352. Males had a median income of $29,833 versus $21,016 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $12,599. About 17.9% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

