==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 777
|1890= 670
|1960= 533
|1970= 482
|1980= 459
|1990= 380
|2000= 363
|2010= 303
|2020= 286
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 303 people, 128 households, and 87 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1082.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|603.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 128 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the town was 45.2 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 35.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 363 people, 151 households, and 104 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,305.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 170 housing units at an average density of {{convert|611.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 151 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,750, and the median income for a family was $31,979. Males had a median income of $26,979 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,541. About 15.6% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.5% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

