==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1860 = 121
| 1870 = 211
| 1880 = 256
| 1890 = 268
| 1900 = 358
| 1910 = 399
| 1920 = 449
| 1930 = 384
| 1940 = 365
| 1950 = 404
| 1960 = 300
| 1970 = 275
| 1980 = 310
| 1990 = 307
| 2000 = 470
| 2010 = 488
| 2020 = 536
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 470 people, 156 households, and 122 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 810.2 people per square mile (312.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 339.6 per square mile (131.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 156 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families.19.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.01, and the average family size was 3.52.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,958, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $25,208 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,352. About 8.8% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

