==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 679
|1890= 687
|1900= 650
|1910= 586
|1920= 582
|1930= 592
|1940= 576
|1950= 623
|1960= 802
|1970= 840
|1980= 860
|1990= 760
|2000= 725
|2010= 693
|2020= 642
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1783817 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 642 people, 338 households, and 202 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|1,302.23|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|659.23|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.78% of the population.

There were 338 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.94% were married couples living together, 15.09% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.24% were non-families. 34.02% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.95% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 2.43.

The village's age distribution consisted of 22.2% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,313, and the median income for a family was $66,786. Males had a median income of $37,333 versus $25,982 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $29,083. About 6.4% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.6% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

