==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= right
|2010|259
|2020|277
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-28}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 277 people, 159 households, and 73 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 82.9 inhabitants per square mile (32.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 178 housing units at an average density of 53.3 per square mile (20.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 84.5% [[White Americans|White]], 5.4% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 5.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.4% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from other races and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race comprised 2.2% of the population.

Of the 159 households, 10.1% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% were cohabitating couples, 39.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 54.1% of all households were non-families. 49.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 28.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 67.9 years. 6.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 10.1% were from 25 and 44; 16.2% were from 45 and 64; and 64.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2010 census===
The [[Census Bureau]] has since done a recount for the 2010 census.<ref>{{Cite web | url=http://www.census.gov/prod/cen2010/notes/cqr-IA-gu.pdf | title=Corrected 2010 Census Total Population, Household Population, Group Quarters Population, Total Housing Unit, Occupied Housing Unit, and Vacant Housing Unit Counts for Governmental Units | website=www.census.gov}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 259 people, 142 households, and 48 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|77.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 142 households, out of which 2.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 66.2% were non-families. 47.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.74 and the average family size was 2.33.

The median age in the city was 57.8 years. 2.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.3% were from 25 to 44; 69.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

