==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 285
| 1910 = 350
| 1920 = 395
| 1930 = 443
| 1940 = 576
| 1950 = 1313
| 1960 = 1427
| 1970 = 1653
| 1980 = 2368
| 1990 = 2012
| 2000 = 2288
| 2010 = 2534
| 2020 = 2682
| 2020n = 
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,288 people, 911 households, and 538 families living in the town. .

[[Population density]] was 1,607.1 people per square mile (622.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 969 housing units at an average density of 680.6 per square mile (263.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 88.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 911 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,831, and the median income for a family was $37,100. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $23,936 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,224. About 16.5% of families and 18.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.  Dublin is central to Claytor Lake, Radford, and Pulaski.

