==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 12
|1940= 46
|1950= 86
|1960= 238
|1970= 301
|1980= 291
|1990= 263
|2000= 213
|2010= 182
|2020= 234
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 182 people, 94 households, and 58 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|83.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 10.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.41.

The median age in the town was 63.4 years. 8.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 4.3% were from 25 to 44; 36.8% were from 45 to 64; and 46.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 213 people, 101 households, and 76 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|99.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.41% of the population.

There were 101 households, out of which 13.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.39.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.7% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 13.1% from 25 to 44, 33.8% from 45 to 64, and 38.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $94,843, and the median income for a family was $102,524. Males had a median income of $83,632 versus $41,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $68,051. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

