==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 98
|1980= 116
|1990= 218
|2000= 799
|2010= 1027
|2020= 911
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Leesburg racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0142016&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 11, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|837
|91.88%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|11
|1.21%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|9
|0.99%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.22%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|42
|4.61%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|10
|1.1%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 911 people, 381 households, and 292 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 11, 2015|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,027 people, 409 households, and 298 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|160|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 663 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.5% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. 1.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 409 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,806, and the median income for a family was $45,714. Males had a median income of $32,075 versus $26,793 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,392. About 12.5% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

