==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 372
|1890= 410
|1900= 423
|1910= 363
|1920= 354
|1930= 416
|1940= 361
|1950= 386
|1960= 378
|1970= 507
|1980= 841
|1990= 1061
|2000= 1015
|2010= 1265
|2020= 1355
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,015 people, 409 households and 280 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,851.9 per square mile (712.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 432 housing units at an average density of 788.2 per square mile (303.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 409 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.0 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $36,538 and the median income for a family was $42,031. Males had a median income of $30,893 and females $23,125. The [[per capita income]] was $18,613. About 6.8% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

