==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,124 people, 371 households, and 296 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 344.0 people per square mile (132.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 723 housing units at an average density of 221.3/sq&nbsp;mi (85.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 64.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 30.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 46.89% of the population.

There were 371 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.4% were married couples living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 31.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,719, and the median income for a family was $36,971. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $20,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,719. About 4.9% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

