==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 175
|1910= 262
|1920= 274
|1930= 255
|1940= 212
|1950= 171
|1960= 179
|1970= 271
|1980= 306
|1990= 307
|2000= 283
|2010= 285
|2020= 263
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 285 people, 111 households, and 84 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|919.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 111 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.3% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 38.2 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 283 people, 112 households, and 80 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|938.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|388.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.35% of the population.

There were 112 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 35&nbsp;years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $27,679, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $24,063 versus $22,596 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,526. About 5.3% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.4% of those 65 or over.

