==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000=83
|2010=181
|2020=240}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 83 people, 37 households, and 27 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 2.9 people per square mile (1.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 533 housing units at an average density of 18.8/sq&nbsp;mi (7.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,188, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $35,893 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,596. There were 7.4% of families and 8.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

