==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1320
|2010= 1192
|2020= 1251
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=January 1, 2023}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,320 people, 483 households, and 351 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 603.2 people per square mile (232.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 619 housing units at an average density of 282.9/sq&nbsp;mi (109.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.61% of the population.

There were 483 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $47,650, and the median income for a family was $47,800. Males had a median income of $38,542 versus $29,554 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,540. About 2.9% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

