==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 220
|1900= 307
|1910= 511
|1920= 251
|1930= 485
|1940= 380
|1950= 399
|1960= 309
|1970= 283
|1980= 342
|1990= 339
|2000= 355
|2010= 283
|2020= 270
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> there were 283 people, 126 households and 87 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|404.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]] and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 126 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present and 31.0% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age was 47.4 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18, 10.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 16.8% were from 25 to 44, 28.6% were from 45 to 64 and 25.4% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the village was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 355 people, 146 households and 107 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|511.3|/sqmi}}. There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.1|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the village was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.54% of the population.

There were 146 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present and 26.7% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.92.

26.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64 and 20.0% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,111 and the median family income was $36,406. Males had a median income of $27,917 and females $22,143. The [[per capita income]] was $14,824. About 6.9% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.1% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

