==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 536
|1870= 907
|1880= 1194
|1890= 1064
|1900= 1197
|1910= 1528
|1920= 1041
|1930= 1004
|1940= 1264
|1950= 1291
|1960= 1291
|1970= 1473
|1980= 1266
|1990= 1253
|2000= 1082
|2010= 964
|2020= 742
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Washington racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2279870&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov|archive-date=December 29, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20211229171532/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2279870&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|url-status=live}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 302
| 40.7%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 410
| 55.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 17
| 2.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 12
| 1.62%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 742 people, 382 households, and 212 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 964 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 52.8% Black, 43.2% White, 0.4% Native American, 0.1% Asian and 1.7% from two or more races. 1.9% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> there were 1,082 people, 459 households and 289 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,256.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 535 housing units at an average density of {{convert|621.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 43.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 56.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.02% of the population.

There were 459 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.05.

Age distribution was 29.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $12,177, and the median family income was $17,727. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $14,479 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,607. About 45.6% of families and 48.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 58.0% of those under age 18 and 38.4% of those age 65 or over.

