==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 101
|1890= 114
|1900= 141
|1910= 203
|1920= 230
|1930= 298
|1940= 458
|1950= 430
|1960= 437
|1970= 491
|1980= 530
|1990= 564
|2000= 659
|2010= 652
|2020= 616
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 785
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-13.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=2015-06-04}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Blairsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1308480&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-14|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|486
|78.9%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|54
|8.77%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.49%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.32%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|17
|2.76%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|54
|8.77%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 616 people, 230 households, and 110 families residing in the city.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 652 people living in the city. The population density was {{convert|529|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was: [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] alone - 577 (88.5%), [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] - 30 (4.6%), [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] - 30 (4.6%), two or more [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] - 10 (1.5%), American Indian alone - 4 (0.6%), [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] - 1 (0.2%).

There were 226 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.9% were non-families. 50.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 15.2% from 18 to 24, 39.0% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 151.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 167.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $14,120, and the median income for a family was $24,712. Males had a median income of $21,953 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,865. About 16.8% of families and 26.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.2% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.

