==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 323
|1920= 450
|1930= 450
|1940= 408
|1950= 302
|1960= 235
|1970= 155
|1980= 168
|1990= 135
|2000= 110
|2010= 93
|2020= 68
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 93 people, 44 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|265.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|237.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 44 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 49.7 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 23.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 110 people, 62 households, and 29 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|316.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.55% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.2% were non-families. 48.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.48.

16.4% of the population is under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 14.5% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 37.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,833, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $20,833 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,955. There were 7.5% of families and 13.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and 13.8% of those over 64.

