==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 98
|1900= 198
|1910= 151
|1920= 172
|1930= 152
|1940= 159
|1950= 147
|1960= 152
|1970= 158
|1980= 198
|1990= 220
|2000= 214
|2010= 152
|2020= 129
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 152 people, 70 households, and 44 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|74.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 70 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the city was 45.3 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 34.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.9% male and 42.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 214 people, 72 households, and 58 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|105.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.40% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 51.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $41,042. Males had a median income of $30,156 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,398.  About 3.5% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.7% of those 65 or over.

