==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 132
|1890= 156
|1900= 195
|1910= 247
|1920= 273
|1930= 364
|1940= 287
|1950= 228
|1960= 223
|1970= 213
|1980= 211
|1990= 139
|2000= 114
|2010= 134
|2020= 131
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 114 people, 50 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|273.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 28.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 50 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,432. There were 23.5% of families and 24.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 53.8% of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

