==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 172
|1930= 204
|1940= 234
|1950= 251
|1960= 226
|1970= 121
|1980= 199
|1990= 135
|2000= 125
|2010= 87
|2020= 89
|estyear=2022
|estimate=85
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 87 people, 43 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|185.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.5% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 54.3 years. 18.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 32.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 125 people, 50 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|267.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.60% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $18,750. Males had a median income of $19,688 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,077. There were 38.2% of families and 25.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of under eighteens and 78.9% of those over 64.

