==Demographics==
As of the 2010 Census,<ref>{{cite web |url=http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/51/5102112.html |title=Aquia Harbour CDP, Virginia |author=United States Census Bureau |author-link=United States Census Bureau |date=10 January 2013 |work=State and County QuickFacts |accessdate=7 April 2013 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130603065032/http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/51/5102112.html |archive-date=3 June 2013 |url-status=dead }}</ref> there were 6,727 people, 2,223 households, and 1,914 families residing in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.3% of the population.

There were 2,223 households, out of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.9% were non-families. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the CDP, 24.8% of the population was under the age of 18. The median age was 40 years. Women made up 50.4% of the population.

The CDP's median income for a household in 2010 was $125,216, and the median income for a family was $128,789. Males had a median income of $86,203 versus $59,698 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $45,680. About 1.3% of families and 1.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

