==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 109
|1910= 199
|1920= 177
|1930= 166
|1940= 168
|1950= 149
|1960= 139
|1970= 115
|1980= 116
|1990= 89
|2000= 103
|2010= 97
|2020= 79
|estyear=2021
|estimate=79
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 97 people, 45 households, and 27 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|285.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 45 households, of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the town was 41.5 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 103 people, 41 households, and 31 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 308.0 inhabitants per square mile (119.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 48 housing units at an average density of 143.5 per square mile (56.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 40 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,063, and the median income for a family was $19,375. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,548. There were 32.4% of families and 34.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 52.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

Approximately 25% of the population reports German ancestry, 13% English, 9% Irish, 1% Canadian and 1% Japanese.

