==Demographics==

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 324 people, 128 houses, and the average family size was 2.82 people. The [[population density]] was 1,070.31 people per square mile (413.38 per kilometer). The racial makeup was 94% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|White]], <.1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Native American]], [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Latino]] of any race were 2% of the population.

There were 128 households, 114 of which were occupied. 82% of those were [[married couples]] living together, 11% had a female householder with no husband present, and 8% had a male householder with no wife present. The average rent was $1,110.

The median age in the town was 48.2 years. 14% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 45% were from 45 to 64; 14% were over the age of 65. The gender makeup of the town was 47% male and 53% female.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Marshall_town,_Indiana?g=160XX00US1847322#populations-and-people |access-date=2025-07-20 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>{{US Census population
|1910= 334
|1920= 334
|1930= 293
|1940= 321
|1950= 326
|1960= 360
|1970= 365
|1980= 413
|1990= 379
|2000= 360
|2010= 324
|2020= 274
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 324 people, 121 households, and 90 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1246.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|523.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the town was 39.6 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 360 people, 131 households, and 96 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,464.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|585.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.83% from two or more races.

There were 131 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.1% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,906, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,889. About 8.4% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.2% of those under age 18 and 2.5% of those age 65 or over.

