==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 210
|1920= 309
|1930= 262
|1940= 282
|1950= 387
|1960= 401
|1970= 270
|1980= 277
|1990= 233
|2000= 179
|2010= 129
|2020= 112
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 129 people, 66 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|379.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|270.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 66 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the town was 52.3 years. 18.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.9% were from 45 to 64; and 27.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 179 people, 76 households, and 45 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|520.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.56% from two or more races.

There were 76 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,214, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,466. About 6.3% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.4% of those 65 or over.

