==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|385
|1910|334
|1920|333
|1930|319
|1940|314
|1950|344
|1960|376
|1970|409
|1980|398
|1990|409
|2000|462
|2010|445
|2020|408
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-04-04}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 408 people, 183 households, and 114 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 322.8 inhabitants per square mile (124.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 155.9 per square mile (60.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White Americans|White]], 0.7% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from other races and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.2% of the population.

Of the 183 households, 26.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% were cohabitating couples, 23.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.7% of all households were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 23.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 and 44; 29.4% were from 45 and 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, 445 people, 184 households, and 122 families were residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|387.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of a total of 184 households, 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.7% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.02.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov" />

The median age in the city was 42.6 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov" />

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 462 people, 179 households, and 121 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|402.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 184 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.87% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Out of a total of 179 households, 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.26.<ref name="GR2"/>

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.<ref name="GR2"/>

The median income for a household in the city was $33,036, and the median income for a family was $42,188. Males had a median income of $36,042 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was US$17,005. About 9.3% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2"/>

