==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 142
|1930= 126
|1940= 127
|1950= 164
|1960= 125
|1970= 90
|1980= 94
|1990= 91
|2000= 86
|2010= 68
|2020= 66
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 68 people, 33 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|283.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the town was 49.3 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.8% were from 25 to 44; 47.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.9% male and 44.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 86 people, 31 households, and 19&nbsp;families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|358.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 31 households, out of which 45.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 38.4% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 12.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 30&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 91.1&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 120.8&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,667, and the median income for a family was $51,563. Males had a median income of $35,500 versus $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,382. There were no families and 4.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over&nbsp;64.

