==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1870= 370
|1880= 579
|1890= 1128
|1900= 1180
|1910= 1207
|1920= 1303
|1930= 1193
|1940= 1386
|1950= 1357
|1960= 1333
|1970= 1273
|1980= 1268
|1990= 1119
|2000= 1190
|2010= 1064
|2020= 1112
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1109
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,190 people, 495 households, and 330 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|1,148.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 551 housing units at an average density of {{convert|531.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.01% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 495 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of eighteen, 7.1% from eighteen to twenty-four, 27.6% from twenty-five to forty-four, 20.3% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 19.8% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-nine years.

For every one hundred females there were 89.5 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,772, and the median income for a family was $33,688. Males had a median income of $26,607 compared with that of $18,424 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,135.

Roughly 15.9% of families and 22.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 13.1% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

