==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 186
|1860= 482
|1870= 1151
|1880= 1502
|1890= 1711
|1900= 2032
|1910= 2390
|1920= 2093
|1930= 2606
|1940= 2723
|1950= 3091
|1960= 3376
|1970= 3658
|1980= 3633
|1990= 3769
|2000= 4315
|2010= 5077
|2020= 5736
|estyear=2021
|estimate=5737
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/oxfordboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2010 census, the borough was 59.9% non-Hispanic White, 9.0% Black or African American, 0.4% Native American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, and 4.0% were two or more races. 28.8% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web | url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA | title=Census Profile PA | publisher=USA Today | access-date=5 July 2016}}</ref> 693 people in the borough were foreign born.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,315 people, 1,703 households, and 1,047 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,254.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,825 housing units at an average density of {{convert|953.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 77.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.15% of the population.

There were 1,703 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.5 years. For every 100 females there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $49,896, and the median income for a family was $41,172. Males had a median income of $35,398 versus $23,015 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,924. About 22.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

As of 2012, there was a total of 264 business firms located in the borough.

