==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 1035
|1870= 1795
|1880= 1841
|1890= 1781
|1900= 1672
|1910= 1607
|1920= 1351
|1930= 1409
|1940= 1490
|1950= 1440
|1960= 1200
|1970= 1336
|1980= 1336
|1990= 1295
|2000= 1263
|2010= 1103
|2020= 1087
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Glasgow_city,_Missouri?g=160XX00US2927208 |access-date=October 15, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there were 1,087 people, 452 households, and 245 families living in the city. 86.4% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 7.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Other races (U.S. census)|other races]], and 5.5 from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.4% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,103 people, 458 households, and 277 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|848.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 533 housing units at an average density of {{convert|410.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 458 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. Of all households, 35.4% were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 41.9 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,263 people, 495 households, and 317 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|946.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 562 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 495 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. Of all households, 33.3% were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,242, and the median income for a family was $36,806. Males had a median income of $24,188 versus $17,130 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,544. About 7.1% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.6% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

