==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 735
| 2010 = 677
| 2020 = 598
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 735 people, 409 households, and 213 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|4,878.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 579 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,843.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.36% of the population. As of the 2010 census, Matlacha's population decreased to 677 and the town's African-American population increased from 0 in 2000 to 2 in 2010.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Matlacha-Florida.html|title=Matlacha, Florida (FL 33991) profile: Population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving, houses, news, sex offenders}}</ref>

There were 409 households, out of which 6.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were married couples living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.7% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 7.3% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 34.7% from 45 to 64, and 38.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,417, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $28,056 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,371.  About 7.4% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.9% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.

