==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 571
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 636 people, 259 households, and 167 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|374.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 259 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 20, 7.1% from 20 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $52,708, and the median income for a family was $53,542. Males had a median income of $28,958 versus $25,947 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,528. About 0.0% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over.

===Housing===
There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. 4.8% of housing units were vacant.

There were 259 occupied housing units in the CDP. 201 were owner-occupied units (77.6%), while 58 were renter-occupied (22.4%). The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.5% of total units. The rental unit vacancy rate was 4.9%.<ref name="GR2" />

