==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 382
|2000= 616
|2010= 685
|2020= 644
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Fox River first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 Census]], there were 644 people, 176 households, and 354 housing units. The median age of the population is 28.1, with men being 27.4 and women being 28.3. 39.4% of people living here were aged 19 and younger and 11.3% were aged 65 years and older.<ref>{{cite web |title=PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS. |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Household+and+Family&g=160XX00US0226910 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> The racial makeup of Fox River were 95.5% [[white people|white]], 2.6% [[multiracial people|multiracial]], and 0.5% of other races, all of Non-Hispanic origin. 1.4% were Hispanic or Latino.<ref>{{cite web |title=HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE. |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US0226910&d=DEC+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> The most commonly reported ancestries were [[Russian Americans|Russian]] (57%), [[English Americans|English]] (5.4%), and [[German Americans|German]] (3.6%).<ref>{{cite web |title=TOTAL POPULATION |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=-06:-1000E:-3000F:-4000G:-5000K:-7000E:-8000B&g=160XX00US0226910&d=DEC+Detailed+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics+File+A |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 616 people, 122 households, and 103 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|4.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 170 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.68% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races.  0.16% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 122 households, out of which 73.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.8% were non-families. 13.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 5.05 and the average family size was 5.73.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 58.0% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 17.0% from 25 to 44, 9.6% from 45 to 64, and 3.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 15 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,964, and the median income for a family was $40,938. Males had a median income of $39,063 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,963.  About 29.5% of families and 33.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.9% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

Fox River has the highest percentage of people of [[Russian Americans|Russian ancestry]] (80.9%) in the United States.<ref>http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml# {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml |date=February 12, 2020 }} [https://www.census.gov] American fact finder, Fox River, Alaska, Census 2000-Selected Social Characteristics (Household and Family Type, Disability, Citizenship, Ancestry, Language, ...)</ref>

