==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930=  423
|1940=  406
|1950=  381
|1960=  496
|1970=  539
|1980=  848
|1990= 1404
|2000= 1585
|2010= 1735
|2020= 1668
| estimate=1679
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref>
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1930–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popatl_04.htm Population Data for Atlantic County Municipalities, 1840 - 2000], WestJersey.org. December 6, 2010. Accessed November 17, 2013.</ref> 1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA714 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 714. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400121870 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Estell Manor city, New Jersey], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_atl/estellmanor1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Estell Manor city], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed May 15, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,735 people, 619 households, and 488 families in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|32.5|/sqmi}}. There were 673 housing units at an average density of {{convert|12.6|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 96.48% (1,674) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.92% (16) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.12% (2) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 1.61% (28) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.17% (3) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.69% (12) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 1.04% (18) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 619 households, 31.7% had children under the age of 18; 66.1% were married couples living together; 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present and 21.2% were non-families. Of all households, 16.2% were made up of individuals and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.13.<ref name=Census2010/>

23.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 35.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.4 years. For every 100 females, the population had 98.3 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 99.8 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,585 people, 528 households, and 432 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|29.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 546 housing units at an average density of 10.2 per square mile (3.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 94.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603421870.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Estell Manor city, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150527060926/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603421870.pdf |date=2015-05-27 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 10, 2013.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400121870 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Estell Manor city, Atlantic County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212083031/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400121870 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed July 10, 2013.</ref>

There were 528 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.0% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.27.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the city the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the city was $54,653, and the median income for a family was $56,548. Males had a median income of $42,305 versus $29,219 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,469. About 4.9% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

