==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 305
| 1930 = 305
| 1940 = 317
| 1950 = 388
| 1960 = 415
| 1970 = 464
| 1980 = 725
| 1990 = 777
| 2000 = 923
| 2010 = 1063
| 2020 = 1039
| 2020n = 
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Rosendale_village,_Wisconsin?g=160XX00US5569525#race-and-ethnicity |access-date=2024-07-10 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there were 1,039 people, 400 households, and 267 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|837.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 413 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,063 people, 407 households, and 299 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|871.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 417 housing units at an average density of {{convert|341.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 923 people, 325 households, and 261 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 824.3 people per square mile (318.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 339 housing units at an average density of 302.7 per square mile (116.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.22% from two or more races. 0.33% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 325 households, out of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $52,448, and the median income for a family was $57,083. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,653. About 0.4% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

