==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 66
|1950= 111
|1960= 244
|1990= 425
|2000= 543
|2010= 569
|2020= 623
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Kasigluk was first mentioned as one of the "Tundra Villages" in the 1939 U.S. Census, with a population of 66.<ref>{{Cite web |title=The History of Kasigluk, Alaska |url=https://www.explorenorth.com/library/communities/alaska/bl-Kasigluk.htm |access-date=2025-05-28 |website=www.explorenorth.com}}</ref> Kasigluk later appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated native village named "Kaseglok." In 1950 and 1960, it appeared as "Kasiglook." In 1969, Kasigluk and a nearby village of [[Nunapitchuk, Alaska|Nunapitchuk]] merged to form the city of [[Akolmiut, Alaska|Akolmiut]]. The combined population in 1970 was 526 and in 1980 was 641. In 1982, both communities decided to dissolve Akolmiut and become separate cities again. 1990 was the first census where Kasigluk appeared with its present spelling. In 1996, Kasigluk disincorporated and was made a census-designated place effective with the 2000 census.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 543 people, 101 households, and 91 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|44.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.31% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 96.50% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.18% from two or more races.  0.37% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 101 households, out of which 72.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.3% were married couples living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.9% were non-families. 9.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 5.38 and the average family size was 5.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 46.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 11.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,500, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $16,667 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,194.  About 18.9% of families and 22.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

