==Demographics==

{{US Census population
| footnote = Sources: <ref name="GR2"/><ref name="Census 2010"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2000 = 3510
| 2010 = 4140
| 2020 = 4266
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 3,510 people, 1,459 households, and 948 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 513.1 people per square mile (198.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,580 housing units at an average density of 231.0/sq&nbsp;mi (89.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 81.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 1,459 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $46,667, and the median income for a family was $55,759. Males had a median income of $41,860 versus $27,296 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,515. About 6.2% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

