==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 482
|1980= 436
|1990= 249
|2000= 272
|2010= 263
|2020= 248
|estyear=2024
|estimate=237
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 272 people, 99 households, and 78 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|174.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 75.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 99 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,167, and the median income for a family was $40,469. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,954. About 6.3% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 4.3% of those 65 or over.

