==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 200
|1870= 294
|1880= 391
|1890= 430
|1900= 407
|1910= 350
|1920= 313
|1930= 294
|1940= 319
|1950= 323
|1960= 417
|1970= 519
|1980= 603
|1990= 495
|2000= 391
|2010= 504
|2020= 406
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 504 people, 174 households, and 131 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2016.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|792.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.5% of the population.

There were 174 households, of which 47.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.7% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the town was 31.4 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 391 people, 147 households, and 108 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,552.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|695.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 147 households, out of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,364, and the median income for a family was $41,364. Males had a median income of $29,500 versus $20,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,373. About 8.8% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.4% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.

