==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 254
|1920= 325
|1930= 295
|1940= 275
|1950= 288
|1960= 280
|1970= 321
|1980= 494
|1990= 338
|2000= 311
|2010= 351
|2020= 341
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 311 people, 139 households, and 91 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|459.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 86.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African-American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.54% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,571, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $25,982 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,646.  About 10.5% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 23.1% of those age 65 or over.

On January 7,2021, Randall "King Kernel" Williams was unanimously appointed Mayor of Cobbtown. Other Aliases: Prince of Popcorn, Marquees of Maize, Gong of Grits, Earl of Ears, Squire of Stalks, Heir of Husks, Sultan of Style, Count of Cream, Master of Meal, Pharaoh of Flakes, Knight of Nubbins, Duke of Dazzle, Viscount of Vision, and the Barron of bushels. His inbred sons, Wilhelm Holdcrook and Josef Gaysir have been continuously fighting for the keys to the Kerndom. For the Biography of the noble and fascinating life of the King of Maze please read "The Corn Crusade" by the lord of Sorghum Sir Aarron Hale-Dorrell.

