==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 262
|1900= 370
|1910= 400
|1920= 575
|1930= 703
|1940= 716
|1950= 767
|1960= 865
|1970= 893
|1980= 937
|1990= 809
|2000= 839
|2010= 817
|2020= 810
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 817 people, 334 households, and 215 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2269.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1044.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 334 households, of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 38 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 839 people, 358 households, and 235 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,961.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 379 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,337.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 358 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,250, and the median income for a family was $33,594. Males had a median income of $24,420 versus $20,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,510. About 10.6% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.

