==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 698
|1890= 845
|1900= 953
|1910= 913
|1920= 844
|1930= 794
|1940= 859
|1950= 973
|1960= 1075
|1970= 1269
|1980= 1708
|1990= 1716
|2000= 1659
|2010= 1590
|2020= 1455
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,590 people, 609 households, and 424 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1407.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 700 housing units at an average density of {{convert|619.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.8% of the population.

There were 609 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 35.8 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,659 people, 638 households, and 454 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,476.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 662 housing units at an average density of {{convert|589.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.10% of the population

