==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 1538
|2000= 1557
|2010= 1587
|2020= 1455
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,557 people, 405 households, and 315 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|119.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 465 housing units at an average density of {{convert|35.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 93.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.25% of the population.

There were 405 households, out of which 52.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 36.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.0% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.79 and the average family size was 4.21.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 45.9% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 13.0% from 45 to 64, and 3.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,906, and the median income for a family was $19,866. Males had a median income of $17,188 versus $23,886 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,462. About 40.8% of families and 43.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.8% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

