==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 2805
| 2010 = 2831
| 2020 = 2406
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,805 people, 1,142 households, and 771 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|801.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 86.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.21% of the population.

There were 1,142 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,679, and the median income for a family was $31,719. Males had a median income of $29,088 versus $18,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,314. About 18.0% of families and 22.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.6% of those under age 18 and 19.5% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of 2010, the census reported a population of 2,831. Of this, 2,290 were White, (80.89%) 382 (13.49%) were Black or African American,  86 (3.04%) were two or more races, 46 (1.62%) were some other race, 21 (0.74%) were American Indian or Alaska Native 6 (0.21%) were Asian.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/SC/Gloverville/2010|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160701090940/http://censusviewer.com/city/SC/Gloverville/2010|url-status=usurped|archive-date=July 1, 2016|title=2010 Census Population of Gloverville, South Carolina - CensusViewer}}</ref>

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Gloverville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4529410&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=2021-12-14 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,701
|70.7%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|403
|16.75%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|17
|0.71%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|4
|0.17%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|130
|5.4%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|151
|6.28%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,406 people, 1,119 households, and 686 families residing in the CDP.

