==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 32
|1950= 109
|1960= 117
|1970= 132
|1980= 149
|1990= 136
|2000= 113
|2010= 223
|2020= 157
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 223 people, 104 households, and 58 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|297.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 104 households, of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 48.1 years. 17.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 113 people, 50 households, and 31 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|666.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 50 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,583, and the median income for a family was $19,583. Males had a median income of $20,313 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,318. There were 31.0% of families and 30.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 37.1% of under eighteens and 17.4% of those over 64.

