==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 275
|1920= 393
|1930= 317
|1940= 311
|1950= 309
|1960= 261
|1970= 242
|1980= 293
|1990= 233
|2000= 201
|2010= 183
|2020= 170
|estyear=2022
|estimate=163
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 183 people, 99 households, and 51 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|522.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 99 households, of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.5% were non-families. 48.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 54.5 years. 14.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 33.9% were from 45 to 64; and 29.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 201 people, 94 households, and 57 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|573.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of 342.3/sq mi (132.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% white.

There were 94 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 5.2% were married couples living together, 66.4% had a householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.7% had someone living in town alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 32.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,375, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $18,125 for females. Plus support income from the military. The per capita income for the city was $14,459. About 3.3% of families and 5.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under the age of eighteen and 5.3% of those 65 or over.

