==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 237
|1910= 545
|1920= 556
|1930= 431
|1940= 459
|1950= 431
|1960= 283
|1970= 332
|1980= 290
|1990= 267
|2000= 281
|2010= 288
|2020= 288
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 288 people, 112 households, and 69 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|514.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 63.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 29.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 6.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 112 households, of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the town was 32.5 years. 35.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 9.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 281 people, 119 households, and 74 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|747.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.14% from two or more races.

There were 119 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.6% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,875, and the median income for a family was $23,125. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $17,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,339. About 28.2% of families and 34.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 50.9% of those 65 or over.

