==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1880= 54
|1890= 400
|1900= 627
|1910= 664
|1920= 766
|1930= 754
|1940= 804
|1950= 776
|1960= 746
|1970= 796
|1980= 1012
|1990= 994
|2000= 1012
|2010= 931
|2020= 906
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
{{single source|section|date=August 2025}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 931 people, 365 households, and 247 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|838.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 447 housing units at an average density of {{convert|402.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 365 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 36.7 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
{{single source| section |date=August 2025}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,011 people, 409 households, and 271 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|921.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 454 housing units at an average density of {{convert|413.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.57% of the population.

There were 409 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,650, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $26,304 versus $19,219 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,067. About 10.6% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

