==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 207
|1930= 141
|1940= 140
|1950= 145
|1960= 114
|1970= 105
|1980= 123
|1990= 74
|2000= 68
|2010= 78
|2020= 50
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 50 people, 24 households, and 21 families in Labette.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Labette%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 223.2 per square mile (86.2/km{{sup|2}}). There were 24 housing units at an average density of 107.1 per square mile (41.4/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Labette%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 86.0% (43) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (82.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 6.0% (3) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.0% (4) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Labette%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 4.0% (2) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Labette%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 24 households, 50.0% had children under the age of 18; 58.3% were married couples living together; 12.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 12.5% of households consisted of individuals and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.0 and the average family size was 2.0.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Labette%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 10.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Labette%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

30.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 84.2 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 78 people, 32 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|354.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|163.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 32 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 39.5 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 68 people, 30 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|303.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 44.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,677. There were 14.3% of families and 24.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 60.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

