==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 11
|2010= 48
|2020= 47
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau }}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2905320|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 19 households, and 12 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|218.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the CDP was 32.5 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 8.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{GNIS|}}</ref> of 2000, there were 11 people, 5 households, and 4 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|113.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 5 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 5 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.50.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 9.1% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 45.5% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 150.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $55,625. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,000. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

