==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 100
|2020= 86
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] counted 86 people, 34 households, and 20 families in Ada.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Ada%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 33.8 per square mile (13.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 54 housing units at an average density of 21.3 per square mile (8.2/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Ada%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |last=|first= |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 84.88% (73) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (84.88% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 2.33% (2) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.79% (11) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Ada%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 6.98% (6) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Ada%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 34 households, 20.6% had children under the age of 18; 41.2% were married couples living together; 23.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.2% of households consisted of individuals and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.7 and the average family size was 3.1.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Ada%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 2.3% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Ada%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

24.4% of the population was under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.5 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 80.6 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $33,798 (with a margin of error of +/- $143) and the median family income was $33,808 (+/- $208).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Ada%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2023-12-31 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

