==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 670
|2000= 742
|2010= 917
|2020= 805
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 917 people, 178 households, and 163 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|705.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.

There were 178 households, of which 74.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 8.4% were non-families. 8.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 5.15 and the average family size was 5.44.

The median age in the town was 16.1 years. 55.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 10.5% were from 45 to 64; and 4.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 742 people, 139 households, and 128 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|567.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.96% of the population.

There were 139 households, out of which 72.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 34.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 7.9% were non-families. 7.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 5.34 and the average family size was 5.66.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 59.7% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 15.2% from 25 to 44, 9.3% from 45 to 64, and 3.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 15 years. For every 100 females there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,528, and the median income for a family was $27,361. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $17,857 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $5,051. About 31.1% of families and 35.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.8% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

