==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 354
|1880= 234
|1890= 288
|1900= 365
|1910= 395
|1920= 400
|1930= 401
|1940= 419
|1950= 362
|1960= 330
|1970= 284
|1980= 281
|1990= 262
|2000= 223
|2010= 216
|2020= 191
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 216 people, 109 households, and 61 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1028.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 109 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 49.7 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 223 people, 115 households, and 64 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,062.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.79% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.3% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the city the population was spread out, with 16.1% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 28.7% from 45 to 64, and 27.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,417, and the median income for a family was $24,750. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $16,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,696. About 8.5% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 36.7% of those 65 or over.

