==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 109
|1910= 140
|1920= 172
|1930= 246
|1940= 357
|1950= 529
|1960= 518
|1970= 481
|1980= 628
|1990= 790
|2000= 1472
|2010= 2023
|2020= 1679
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Hildebran racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3731500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-21|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,450
| 86.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 21
| 1.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 79
| 4.71%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 63
| 3.75%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 62
| 3.69%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,679 people, 822 households, and 558 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,472 people, 597 households, and 416 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|657.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 626 housing units at an average density of {{convert|279.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 597 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,028, and the median income for a family was $43,542. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $22,765 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,835. About 6.0% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

