==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 207
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 200 people, 58 households, and 48 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|14.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]],  and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.00% of the population.

There were 58 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 29.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.2% were non-families. 15.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.45 and the average family size was 3.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,938, and the median income for a family was $50,208. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $18,281 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,496. About 18.5% of families and 23.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 30.8% of those 65 or over.

