==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 204
|1930= 181
|1940= 208
|1950= 128
|1960= 97
|1970= 93
|1980= 84
|1990= 62
|2000= 72
|2010= 42
|2020= 39
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 39 people, 6 households, and 5 families in Langdon.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Langdon%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 393.9 per square mile (152.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 19 housing units at an average density of 191.9 per square mile (74.1/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Langdon%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 71.79% (28) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (71.79% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 15.38% (6) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.82% (5) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Langdon%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.56% (1) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Langdon%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 6 households, 66.7% had children under the age of 18; 66.7% were married couples living together; 16.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 0.0% of households consisted of individuals and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.5 and the average family size was 2.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Langdon%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

17.9% of the population was under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 35.9% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.4 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 146.2 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $41,750 (with a margin of error of +/- $10,768).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Langdon%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 42 people, 20 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|350.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 20 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12% were from 25 to 44; 42.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 72 people, 30 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|550.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 30 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 15.3% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $45,833. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,136. There were 22.2% of families and 24.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 44.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

