==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 340
|2010= 321
|2020= 359
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 340 people, 85 households, and 61 families living in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|150|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 98% Native American and 2% White.  2% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
Of the 70 households 36% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23% were married couples living together, 31% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31% were non-families. 29% of households were one person and 9% were one person aged 65 or older.  The average household size was 3.4 and the average family size was 4.1.

The age distribution was 34% under the age of 18, 13% from 18 to 24, 24% from 25 to 44, 22% from 45 to 64, and 7% 65 or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median household income was $17,826 and the median family income  was $17,917. Males had a median income of $0 versus $28,750 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $7,920.  About 49% of families and 50% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty-five or over.

