==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 142
|1890= 228
|1910= 327
|1920= 560
|1930= 445
|1940= 505
|1950= 491
|1960= 426
|1970= 397
|1980= 406
|1990= 439
|2000= 406
|2010= 409
|2020= 408
|estyear=2021
|estimate=406
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 409 people, 195 households, and 111 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1704.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|887.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 195 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the town was 41.8 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 406 people, 209 households, and 117 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,635.2 inhabitants per square mile (627.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 220 housing units at an average density of 886.1 per square mile (339.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 209 households, out of which 17.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.0% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.0% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,571, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $29,464 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,540. About 5.3% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

