==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1096
|1890= 1045
|1900= 1221
|1910= 997
|1920= 898
|1930= 813
|1940= 1015
|1950= 912
|1960= 813
|1970= 759
|1980= 945
|1990= 879
|2000= 892
|2010= 796
|2020= 733
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 892 people, 365 households, and 246 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|865.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 409 housing units at an average density of {{convert|396.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 365 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $37,125. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,279. About 10.0% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

[[Ameren]]'s Kinmundy Power Plant, a [[combustion]] turbine generator (CTG) power plant, is located in Kinmundy.<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://www.ameren.com/source/AboutUs/Pages/ADC_CTGs.aspx |title=Archived copy |access-date=June 12, 2011 |archive-date=February 21, 2025 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20250221122422/https://www.ameren.com/source/AboutUs/Pages/ADC_CTGs.aspx |url-status=dead }}</ref>

