==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 258
|1940= 289
|1950= 282
|1960= 221
|1970= 172
|1980= 164
|1990= 143
|2000= 119
|2010= 82
|2020= 87
|estyear=2022
|estimate=85
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 82 people, 36 households, and 25 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|109.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 49.3 years. 20.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 48.8% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 119 people, 54 households, and 32 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|157.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.68% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,265. There were 19.2% of families and 26.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.6% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

