==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 191
|1940= 201
|1950= 199
|1960= 169
|1970= 132
|1980= 162
|1990= 144
|2000= 93
|2010= 127
|2020= 168
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 127 people, 52 households, and 33 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|81.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 52 households, of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 93 people, 42 households, and 21 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|60.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.08% from two or more races. 23.7% were of [[Germans|German]], 22.6% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 15.1% [[Finns|Finnish]], 8.6% [[Irish people|Irish]] and 7.5% [[Lithuanians|Lithuanian]] ancestry.

There were 42 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $42,188. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,715. None of the families and 3.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total people living in poverty, 0.0% are under the age of 18 and 11.1% are 65 or older.

