==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 618
|2010= 623
|2020= 676
| estyear=2022
| estimate=682
| estref=<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-37.xlsx |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in North Carolina: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=April 11, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 618 people, 226 households, and 181 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|266.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 13.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 83.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 226 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were married couples living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.9% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,021, and the median income for a family was $45,469. Males had a median income of $28,571 versus $26,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,348. About 9.8% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

