==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 106
|1870= 131
|1880= 334
|1890= 432
|1900= 591
|1910= 1391
|1920= 1164
|1930= 1202
|1940= 1145
|1950= 1117
|1960= 1040
|1970= 997
|1980= 1040
|1990= 851
|2000= 759
|2010= 697
|2020= 568
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1766833 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 568 people, 247 households, and 154 families residing in the city. The population density was {{Convert|729.14|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 274 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|351.73|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.46% of the population.

There were 247 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.34% were married couples living together, 12.55% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.65% were non-families. 31.98% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.29% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 1.94.

The city's age distribution consisted of 18.3% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,917, and the median income for a family was $56,250. Males had a median income of $30,441 versus $23,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $33,530. About 13.6% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.5% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

