==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 342
|1920= 265
|1930= 318
|1940= 254
|1950= 217
|1960= 210
|1970= 135
|1980= 101
|1990= 74
|2000= 47
|2010= 27
|2020= 22
|estyear=2024
|estimate=22
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 27 people, 16 households, and 6 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|158.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 16 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 62.5% were non-families. 62.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 43.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.69 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 53.5 years. 14.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.1% were from 25 to 44; 37% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 47 people, 24 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|264.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]]. Residents identified themselves as having predominately [[Europe]]an ancestry, with the largest three being [[Norwegian people|Norwegian]] (25.5%), [[Swedes|Swedish]] (14.5%), and [[Germans|German]] (10.9%).

There were 24 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 45.8% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.<ref name="age">{{cite American Factfinder|city|3802660|age}}</ref>

The median income for a household in the city was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $58,000. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,516. There were no families and 10.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.<ref name=census>{{cite American Factfinder|ND|city|3802660}}</ref>

