==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 144
|1970= 81
|1980= 93
|1990= 79
|2000= 12
|2010= 48
|2020= 83
|estyear=2019
|estimate=104
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 13 households, and 10 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|252.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 72.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 20.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.5% of the population.

There were 13 households, of which 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.69 and the average family size was 4.50.

The median age in the city was 22 years. 47.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 18.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 12 people, 4 households, and 4 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|59.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 4 housing units at an average density of {{convert|19.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 41.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 50.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 50.00% of the population.

There were 4 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them and 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together. The average household and family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 25.0% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 8.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 200.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 150.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $24,167. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,280. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

