==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 412
|1900= 354
|1910= 258
|1920= 227
|1930= 271
|1940= 287
|1950= 354
|1960= 402
|1970= 378
|1980= 329
|1990= 261
|2000= 335
|2010= 304
|2020= 282
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 304 people, 118 households, and 84 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2171.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|971.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 118 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 31.7 years. 27.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 9.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 335 people, 124 households, and 89 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,038.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|821.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.30% from two or more races.

There were 124 households, out of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $39,063. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $26,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,141. About 3.5% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

