==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 211
|1920= 465
|1930= 603
|1940= 713
|1950= 1031
|1960= 1372
|1970= 1379
|1980= 1465
|1990= 1514
|2000= 1419
|2010= 1374
|2020= 1200
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Pinetops racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3752140&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 413
| 34.42%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 749
| 62.42%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 15
| 1.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 23
| 1.92%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,200 people, 567 households, and 391 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,419 people, 557 households, and 391 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,415.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 602 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 42.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 57.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.34% of the population.

Located in the heart of eastern North Carolina; Pinetops is on the Raleigh-Greenville Corridor, located centrally between Greenville, Wilson and Rocky Mount. Pinetops offers a wonderful quality of life, with a three campus school system, a variety of businesses, churches and friendly people.

There were 557 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,716, and the median income for a family was $36,544. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $23,224 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,763. About 17.6% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.9% of those under age 18 and 21.3% of those age 65 or over.

