==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 346
|1880= 512
|1890= 637
|1900= 695
|1910= 620
|1920= 505
|1930= 433
|1940= 500
|1950= 401
|1960= 368
|1970= 399
|1980= 542
|1990= 561
|2000= 759
|2010= 904
|2020= 971
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 971 people and 211 households in the town.<ref name="2020 census" /> The population density was {{convert|669.66|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.41% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 6.2% were male householder with no spouse present. The average family size was 3.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.29% under the age of 19, 2.37% from 20 to 24, 11.74% from 25 to 44, 18.33% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.8 years.

The median income for a household in the town was $74,519, and the median income for a family was $81,250. About 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

