==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 549
|1890= 987
|1900= 403
|1910= 444
|1920= 460
|1930= 438
|1940= 437
|1950= 485
|1960= 487
|1970= 541
|1980= 559
|1990= 470
|2000= 514
|2010= 493
|2020= 437
|footnote=Source: Census Bureau. Census [http://www.michigan.gov/documents/MCD1960-1990C_33608_7.pdf 1960-] 2000, 2010.
}}

===2022 American Community Survey===
{{As of|2022|pre=the}} [[American Community Survey]] estimates, there were {{formatnum:500}} people and {{formatnum:225}} households.<ref name=DP05>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDP5Y2022.DP05?g=160XX00US2636860| title= 2022 American Community Survey 5 Year Estimate: Demographic and Housing Estimates for Harrisville city, MI | access-date = 2024-06-19 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref><ref name=DP02>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDP5Y2022.DP02?g=160XX00US2636860| title= 2022 American Community Survey 5 Year Estimate: Selected Social Characteristics in the United States for Harrisville city, MI | access-date = 2024-06-19 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|791.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were {{formatnum:347}} housing units at an average density of {{convert|549.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.<ref name=DP05/><ref name=Gaz2023>To calculate density we use the land area figure from the places file in {{cite web| url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html | title = The 2023 U.S. Gazetteer Files}}</ref><ref name=B25001>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDT5Y2022.B25001?g=160XX00US2636860| title= 2022 American Community Survey 5 Year Estimate: Housing Units for Harrisville city, MI | access-date = 2024-06-19 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> The racial makeup of the city was 97.6%&nbsp;White and 0.2%&nbsp;Black or African American, with 2.2%&nbsp;from two or more races.<ref name=DP05/> [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 6.2%&nbsp;of the population.<ref name=DP05/>

Of the {{formatnum:225}} households, 22.2%&nbsp;had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4%&nbsp;had seniors 65 years or older living with them, 42.2%&nbsp;were married couples living together, 5.3%&nbsp;were couples cohabitating, 13.3%&nbsp;had a male householder with no partner present, and 39.1%&nbsp;had a female householder with no partner present.<ref name=DP02/> The median household size was {{formatnum:2.04}} and the median family size was {{formatnum:2.68}}.<ref name=DP02/>

The age distribution was 17.6%&nbsp;under 18, 4.4%&nbsp;from 18 to 24, 22.2%&nbsp;from 25 to 44, 19.6%&nbsp;from 45 to 64, and 36.2%&nbsp;who were 65 or older. The median age was {{formatnum:54.1}} years.<ref name=S0101>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2022.S0101?g=160XX00US2636860| title= 2022 American Community Survey 5 Year Estimate: Age and Sex for Harrisville city, MI | access-date = 2024-06-19 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

The median income for a household was ${{formatnum:35375}}, with family households having a median income of ${{formatnum:58333}} and non-family households ${{formatnum:28438}}. The [[per capita income]] was ${{formatnum:26803}}.<ref name=S1902>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2022.S1902?g=160XX00US2636860| title= 2022 American Community Survey 5 Year Estimate: Mean Income in the Past 12 Months (in 2022 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) for Harrisville city, MI | access-date = 2024-06-19 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref><ref name=S1901>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2022.S1901?g=160XX00US2636860| title= 2022 American Community Survey 5 Year Estimate: Income in the Past 12 Months (in 2022 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) for Harrisville city, MI | access-date = 2024-06-19 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> Out of the {{formatnum:473}} people with a determined poverty status, 23.3%&nbsp;were below the [[poverty line]]. Further, 36.0%&nbsp;of minors and 18.8%&nbsp;of seniors were below the poverty line.<ref name=S1701>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2022.S1701?g=160XX00US2636860| title= 2022 American Community Survey 5 Year Estimate: Poverty Status in the Past 12 Months for Harrisville city, MI | access-date = 2024-06-19 | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

In the survey, residents self-identified with various ethnic ancestries. People of [[English American|English]] descent made up 25.8%&nbsp;of the population of the town, followed by [[German American|German]] at 22.6%, [[Irish American|Irish]] at 21.8%, [[Polish American|Polish]] at 9.2%, [[Scottish American|Scottish]] at 6.4%, [[American ancestry|American]] at 6.2%, [[French American|French]] at 6.0%, [[Czech American|Czech]] at 5.0%, [[Italian American|Italian]] at 4.0%, [[Dutch American|Dutch]] at 3.0%, [[French Canadian American|French Canadian]] at 3.0%, [[Norwegian American|Norwegian]] at 2.2%, [[Swedish American|Swedish]] at 1.6%, [[Hungarian American|Hungarian]] at 1.0%, and [[Greek American|Greek]] at 0.6%.<ref name=DP02/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 493 people, 231 households, and 130 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|808.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 329 housing units at an average density of {{convert|539.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 231 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.7% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the city was 51.6 years. 16.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 29.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 514 people, 239 households, and 131 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|831.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 327 housing units at an average density of {{convert|528.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 239 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.8% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.0% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 29.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $34,286. Males had a median income of $23,625 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,983. About 9.3% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.8% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

