==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 640
|1930= 711
|1940= 647
|1950= 602
|1960= 491
|1970= 324
|1980= 264
|1990= 161
|2000= 172
|2010= 170
|2020= 149
|estyear=2022
|estimate=148
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 170 people, 81 households, and 48 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|485.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races.

There were 81 households, of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 52.8 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.7% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 172 people, 86 households, and 46 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|508.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 86 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.5% were non-families. 43.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 16.3% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 35.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,000, and the median income for a family was $38,500. Males had a median income of $29,444 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,545. About 13.3% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.4% of those 65 or over.

