==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 512
|1920= 453
|1930= 343
|1940= 444
|1950= 413
|1960= 366
|1970= 517
|1980= 588
|1990= 564
|2000= 563
|2010= 361
|2020= 304
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Arcola Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2801820&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 7, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|35
|11.51%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|264
|86.84%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.33%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|3
|0.99%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|1
|0.33%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 304 people, 95 households, and 65 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 563 people, 183 households, and 122 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,515.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 220 housing units at an average density of {{convert|982.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.18% of the population.

There were 183 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 36.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.08 and the average family size was 3.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.6% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,409, and the median income for a family was $18,594. Males had a median income of $22,321 versus $13,466 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $6,827. About 43.4% of families and 49.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 63.2% of those under age 18 and 53.2% of those age 65 or over.

