==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 202
|1910= 406
|1920= 681
|1930= 553
|1940= 507
|1950= 520
|1960= 499
|1970= 586
|1980= 602
|1990= 642
|2000= 610
|2010= 632
|2020= 440
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 632 people, 270 households, and 172 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1149.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|527.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 270 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 610 people, 255 households, and 177 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,124.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|584.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.46% of the population.

There were 255 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,900, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $21,438 versus $18,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,402. About 19.2% of families and 24.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.7% of those under age 18 and 18.9% of those age 65 or over.

