==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 326
|1990= 590
|2000= 607
|2010= 718
|2020= 794
|estyear=2022
|estimate=818
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 4, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 718 people, 241 households, and 216 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|569.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 241 households, of which 45.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 10.4% were non-families. 6.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 34.4 years. 29.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 5.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 607 people, 192 households, and 174 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|517.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 192 households, out of which 56.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 84.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 8.9% were non-families. 5.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.8% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 32.8% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 2.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $57,500, and the median income for a family was $60,625. Males had a median income of $39,625 versus $24,479 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,191. About 1.7% of families and 1.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

