==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 47
|1900= 432
|1910= 579
|1920= 480
|1930= 418
|1940= 519
|1950= 659
|1960= 688
|1970= 761
|1980= 738
|1990= 789
|2000= 820
|2010= 800
|2020= 773
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 800 people, 299 households, and 225 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|824.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 299 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.7% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 35 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 820 people, 307 households, and 225 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|849.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|348.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.34% of the population.

There were 307 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,750, and the median income for a family was $36,389. Males had a median income of $28,036 versus $20,921 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,811. About 15.4% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

