==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 85
|1950= 91
|1960= 81
|1970= 52
|1980= 81
|1990= 29
|2000= 42
|2010= 34
|2020= 51
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census
}}
<!--
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 17 people, 19 households, and 12 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|138.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% White.

There were 19 households, out of which 4 had children under the age of 18 living with them, 10 were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1 had a female householder with no husband present, and 7 were non-families. 6 were made up of individuals, and 2 had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 14.3% from 25 to 44, 35.7% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $22,917 versus $40,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,947. There were 30.0% of families and 18.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.-->
{{clear left}}

