==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 375
|1920= 298
|1930= 284
|1940= 357
|1950= 384
|1960= 428
|1970= 496
|1980= 423
|1990= 386
|2000= 378
|2010= 463
|2020= 451
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Glenbeulah village, Wisconsin – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Glenbeulah village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US5529350&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Glenbeulah village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5529350&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Glenbeulah village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US5529350&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!{{partial|% 2020}}
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|375
|456
|style='background: #ffffe6; |448
|99.21%
|98.49%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |99.33%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.22%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|1
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.26%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|0
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3
|0.00%
|0.22%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.67%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|2
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.53%
|1.08%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''378'''
|'''463'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''451'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 463 people, 194 households, and 134 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|680.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 194 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.9% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 41.4 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 378 people, 153 households, and 108 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 563.2 people per square mile (217.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 160 housing units at an average density of 238.4 per square mile (92.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 153 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,656, and the median income for a family was $47,045. Males had a median income of $32,411 versus $20,568 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,240. None of the families and 1.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.3% of those over 64.

===German community===
Residents of Glenbeulah are primarily of ethnic German descent comprising over 70% of the population. Per the 2023 [[American Community Survey]] five-year estimates, the [[German American]] population was 320.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDT5Y2023.B04006?t=Ancestry&g=160XX00US5529350|title=B04006 People Reporting Ancestry – Glenbeulah, Wisconsin – 2023 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates|date=July 1, 2023|publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]] |access-date=November 17, 2024}}</ref>

