==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 180
|1970= 197
|1980= 285
|1990= 288
|2000= 355
|2010= 442
|2020= 458
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 442 people, 157 households, and 122 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|659.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 157 households, of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.3% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 35 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.9% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 355 people, 121 households, and 94 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|804.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.28% from two or more races.

There were 121 households, out of which 43.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 15.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $53,750, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $36,607 versus $28,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,755.  None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

