==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|193
|1910|193
|1920|282
|1930|255
|1940|282
|1950|297
|1960|331
|1970|354
|1980|324
|1990|292
|2000|252
|2010|256
|2020|222
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 222 people, 105 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 148.4 inhabitants per square mile (57.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 125 housing units at an average density of 83.6 per square mile (32.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 85.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.9% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.7% from other races and 10.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 10.8% of the population.

Of the 105 households, 29.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% were cohabitating couples, 25.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 19.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.2% of all households were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 21.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 and 44; 23.0% were from 45 and 64; and 26.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 256 people, 122 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|169.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 122 households, of which 19.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.3% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 46.3 years. 17.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 25.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 252 people, 123 households, and 75 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|166.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.81% White, 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.97% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 27.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $16,406 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,043. About 7.2% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

