==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1880= 350
|1890= 1305
|1900= 1634
|1910= 2024
|1920= 2306
|1930= 2013
|1940= 2176
|1950= 2178
|1960= 2080
|1970= 1967
|1980= 1998
|1990= 1815
|2000= 1599
|2010= 1417
|2020= 1352
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,417 people, 664 households, and 347 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|542.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 821 housing units at an average density of {{convert|314.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 664 households, of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.7% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 45.1 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,599 people, 716 households, and 435 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|553.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 844 housing units at an average density of {{convert|292.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.50% of the population.

There were 716 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 28.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,920, and the median income for a family was $34,018. Males had a median income of $25,250 versus $17,054 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,180. About 9.0% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.2% of those under age 18 and 18.5% of those age 65 or over.

