==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 130
|2000= 18
|2010= 18
|2020= 15
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Sunrise first appeared on the 1900 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It did not appear again on the census for a century until 2000 when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 18 people, 9 households, and 5 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.4|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.9|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.89% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 11.11% from two or more races.

There were 9 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 16.7% from 25 to 44, 38.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $56,250, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $56,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $56,000, one of the highest in the state. None of the population was living below the [[poverty line]].

