==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 2080
|1920= 2414
|1930= 2555
|1940= 2228
|1950= 2029
|1960= 1712
|1970= 1341
|1980= 1419
|1990= 1026
|2000= 935
|2010= 983
|2020= 970
|estyear=2022
|estimate=961
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 11, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 11, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 983 people, 452 households, and 258 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|67.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 551 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 452 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 42.4 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 935 people, 434 households, and 266 families living in the town.  The population density was {{convert|165.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 467 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population. 24.1% were of [[germans|German]], 13.9% [[italians|Italian]], 9.9% [[finns|Finnish]], 8.9% [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 5.3% [[French people|French]] and 5.2% [[United States|American]] ancestry.

There were 434 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,146, and the median income for a family was $31,938. Males had a median income of $31,136 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,954.  About 11.5% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.9% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

