==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 159
|1970= 201
|1980= 227
|1990= 212
|2000= 197
|2010= 185
|2020= 198
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 185 people, 78 households, and 58 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|925.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.9% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 55.6 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.4% were from 25 to 44; 40.1% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 197 people, 75 households, and 71 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|989.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|391.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.05% of the population.

There were 75 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 89.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 5.3% were non-families. 5.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 15.7% from 25 to 44, 35.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $81,412, and the median income for a family was $83,387. Males had a median income of $56,250 versus $36,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $35,242. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

