==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 119
|1900= 322
|1910= 207
|1920= 198
|1930= 195
|1940= 180
|1950= 169
|1960= 180
|1970= 219
|1980= 306
|1990= 682
|2000= 606
|2010= 762
|2020= 1320
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1476
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 22, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 26, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Mapleton Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Mapleton city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Mapleton%20city,%20North%20Dakota&t=Race%20and%20Ethnicity}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percent
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (NH)
|1,169
|88.6%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (NH)
|27
|2.0%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (NH)
|9
|0.7%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] (NH)
|3
|0.2%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Some Other Race]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|68
|5.2%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|44
|3.3%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,320'''
|'''100.0%'''
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 1,320 people, 447 households, and 380 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Mapleton%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=June 23, 2024 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> There were 460 housing units. The racial makeup of the city was 89.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from some other races and 6.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Mapleton city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/kindred-city-north-dakota/160-3842780/ |access-date=June 23, 2024 |work=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 762 people, 248 households, and 216 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|190.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 264 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.5% of the population.

There were 248 households, of which 51.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 12.9% were non-families. 8.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.07 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the city was 30.4 years. 32.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.7% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 2.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 606 people, 191 households, and 160 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|151.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.98% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 56.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.2% were non-families. 12.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.17 and the average family size was 3.51.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.8% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 35.0% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 2.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,038, and the median income for a family was $42,750. Males had a median income of $28,875 versus $19,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,900. About 5.7% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

