==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 291
|1900= 1188
|1910= 1214
|1920= 1228
|1930= 1221
|1940= 1546
|1950= 1838
|1960= 2151
|1970= 2182
|1980= 2335
|1990= 2241
|2000= 2101
|2010= 1878
|2020= 1909
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1847
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 11, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 11, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Langdon Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Langdon city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Langdon%20city,%20North%20Dakota&t=Race%20and%20Ethnicity&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percent
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (NH)
|1,777
|93.1%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (NH)
|15
|0.8%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] (NH)
|9
|0.5%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Some Other Race]] (NH)
|7
|0.4%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|67
|3.5%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|34
|1.8%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,909'''
|'''100.0%'''
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 1,909 people, 862 households, and 486 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Langdon%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=June 11, 2024 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> There were 1,016 housing units. The racial makeup of the city was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from some other races and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Langdon city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/langdon-city-north-dakota/160-3844780/ |access-date=June 11, 2024 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 1,878 people, 894 households, and 506 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1138.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,057 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 894 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.4% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 50.1 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 28.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 2,101 people, 917 households, and 565 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1233.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|691.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 917 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 28.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,839, and the median income for a family was $37,121. Males had a median income of $31,010 versus $19,342 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,670. About 4.9% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

