==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|358
|1910|416
|1920|554
|1930|551
|1940|531
|1950|453
|1960|425
|1970|421
|1980|408
|1990|341
|2000|371
|2010|366
|2020|337
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 337 people, 131 households, and 90 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 709.5 inhabitants per square mile (273.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 152 housing units at an average density of 320.0 per square mile (123.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.9% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from other races and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.7% of the population.

Of the 131 households, 36.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% were cohabitating couples, 26.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 22.1% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 31.3% of all households were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 32.3 years. 35.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 31.2% were from 25 and 44; 16.6% were from 45 and 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 366 people, 147 households, and 102 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|590.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 170 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 11, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref>

There were 147 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49, and the average family size was 2.97.<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>

The median age in the city was 36.7 years. 30.1% of residents were under 18; 6.3% were between 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64, and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 371 people, 148 households, and 105 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|757.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2018|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref>

There were 148 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51, and the average family size was 2.95.<ref name="GR2"/>

Age spread: 27.5% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.<ref name="GR2"/>

The median income for a household in the city was $35,278, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $30,083 versus $25,556 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,945. About 4.8% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.5% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2"/>

