==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 115
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> of 2000, there were 112 people, 50 households, and 34 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|11.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.79% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 31.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,250, and the median income for a family was $32,656. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $28,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,678. There were 35.5% of families and 36.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 90.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

