==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 690
|1870= 1780
|1880= 1400
|1890= 1444
|1900= 1545
|1910= 1741
|1920= 1759
|1930= 2300
|1940= 2359
|1950= 2402
|1960= 2823
|1970= 2690
|1980= 2368
|1990= 2445
|2000= 2188
|2010= 2155
|2020= 2298
|estyear=2023
|estimate=2263
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 2,298 people living in the village, for a population density of 1,399.51 people per square mile (540.49/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,074 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 79.7% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 12.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 4.7% from two or more races. 3.4% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Glendale village, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Glendale_village,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3930380 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 15, 2023}}</ref>

There were 838 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4%  were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 20.2% had a female householder with no spouse present. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26, and the average family size was 2.83.<ref name="2020 census"/>

19.8% of the village's population were under the age of 18, 53.5% were 18 to 64, and 26.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.7. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the village was $97,917, and the median income for a family was $146,250. About 12.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over. About 61.5% of the population were employed, and 64.0% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,155 people, 969 households, and 628 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1275.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,057 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 81.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 969 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 49.6 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

