==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1457
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 1,457 people, 556 households, and 312 families in Bradford. The population density was {{convert|801.9|/mi2|/km2}}. There were 580 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20dp1 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 84.76% (1,235) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (83.73% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 1.58% (23) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 2.06% (30) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 2.26% (33) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% (4) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 1.51% (22) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.55% (110) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 3.64% (53) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 556 households, 28.4% had children under the age of 18; 47.8% were married couples living together; 26.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 23.4% of households consisted of individuals and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.4 and the average family size was 2.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 18.1% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

22.1% of the population was under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 31.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.6 years. For every 100 females, the population had 95.3 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 97.4 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $64,737 (with a margin of error of +/- $37,689) and the median family income was $83,750 (+/- $14,858). Males had a median income of $38,711 (+/- $11,469).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $33,417 (+/- $11,630).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 13.5% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 59.6% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Bradford%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,497 people, 482 households, and 397 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|795.0|/mi2|/km2|abbr=on}}. There were 496 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|American Indian]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] were 1.94% of the population.

There were 482 households, out of which 51.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 13.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.10 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 35.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,130, and the median income for a family was $40,370. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $24,353 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,004. About 12.4% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

