==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 415
|1890= 897
|1900= 1010
|1910= 1105
|1920= 1087
|1930= 1108
|1940= 1003
|1950= 906
|1960= 1174
|1970= 1350
|1980= 1368
|1990= 1249
|2000= 1213
|2010= 1177
|2020= 1279
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,177 people, 447 households, and 317 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1489.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|634.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 447 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.1% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,213 people, 468 households, and 322 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,588.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 509 housing units at an average density of {{convert|666.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.
 
There were 468 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $38,879, and the median income for a family was $43,984. Males had a median income of $31,324 versus $18,352 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,897. About 3.3% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

