==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 432
|1980= 681
|1990= 748
|2000= 902
|2010= 1131
|2020= 1433
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,131 people, 456 households, and 378 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|496.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 496 housing units at an average density of {{convert|217.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 456 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.1% were non-families. 14.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 50.9 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.3% were from 25 to 44; 39.9% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 902 people, 350 households, and 289 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|478.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 359 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.33% of the population.

There were 350 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.4% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 38.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $78,478, and the median income for a family was $87,150. Males had a median income of $56,500 versus $37,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $41,891. None of the families and 1.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

