==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 62
|1970= 98
|1980= 95
|1990= 52
|2000= 81
|2010= 81
|2020= 49
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Ethelsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0124472&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 11, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|42
|85.71%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|4
|8.16%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]]
|3
|6.12%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 49 people, 52 households, and 42 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 81 people, 37 households, and 23 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|143.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 74.07% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 25.93% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

As of 2019,<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US0124472|access-date=June 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> children under the age of 18 represented 36.6% of the population while 8.9% of residents were aged 65 or older. The median age of Ethelsville was 24.6 years old as compared to the 38.1 year-old median age of the United States. 4.1% of Ethelsvillians were veterans and 21.6% of its residents spoke a language other than English at home.

Of its residents, 54.8% had graduated high school or received an equivalent degree, while 9.5% each had acquired an associate degree and bachelor's degree. Ethelsville residents commuted an average of 18 minutes to work, compared to the national average of 26.9 minutes. 79.6% of its residents drove alone to work, while 14.8% walked and 5.6% worked from home.

Household median income for Ethelsville's 59 housing units in 2019 was $39,167. The median income for a woman in the town was $35,156 in 2019, while the national average for women was $43,022. Males made far less, earning an average of just $23,750 annually. A full 51.3% of its residents lived below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]]. As of 2019, only 44.6% of its residents were employed.

