==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 137
|1920= 227
|1930= 212
|1940= 186
|1950= 173
|1960= 166
|1970= 158
|1980= 171
|1990= 201
|2000= 208
|2010= 270
|2020= 307
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 270 people, 95 households, and 72 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|264.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 43.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the city was 30.3 years. 31.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 36.7% were from 25 to 44; 14.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 208 people, 73 households, and 57 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|202.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 73 households, out of which 45.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.9% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 13.0% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 11.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $44,583. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $22,857 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,700.  About 3.9% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.1% of those 65 or over.

