==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 136
|1980= 186
|2000= 235
|2010= 228
|2020= 207
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 235 people, 107 households, and 68 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|88.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.02% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]] and 1.28% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]]. 0.43% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 107 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $26,964 versus $17,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,898. About 21.0% of families and 22.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.8% of those 65 or over.

