==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 619
|2010= 667
|2020= 590
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 619 people, 267 households, and 213 families residing in the CDP.  The [[population density]] was 17.3 people per square mile (6.7/km{{sup|2}}).  There were 598 housing units at an average density of 16.7/sq&nbsp;mi (6.4/km{{sup|2}}).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 267 households, out of which 19.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.6% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 42.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,250, and the median income for a family was $50,357. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,980.  None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

