==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 89 people, 35 households, and 24 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 49.7 people per square mile (19.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 42 housing units at an average density of 23.5/sq&nbsp;mi (9.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.62% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 21.3% under the age of 18, 12.4% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $13,542, and the median income for a family was $34,125. Males had a median income of $37,614 versus $36,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,180. There were 27.6% of families and 35.8% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 38.5% of those over 64.

