==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 261
|1880= 382
|1900= 527
|1910= 421
|1920= 457
|1930= 492
|1940= 424
|1950= 501
|1960= 449
|1970= 541
|1980= 486
|1990= 453
|2000= 454
|2010= 431
|2020= 302
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 454 people, 134 households, and 95 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 553.0 people per square mile (213.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 165 housing units at an average density of 201.0 per square mile (77.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 58.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 39.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.42% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town the population was spread out, with 15.4% under the age of 18, 13.4% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 132.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,063, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $25,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,034. About 6.0% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 17.9% of those age 65 or over.

