==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 296
|1930= 394
|1940= 309
|1950= 268
|1960= 141
|1970= 100
|1980= 82
|1990= 66
|2000= 51
|2010= 46
|2020= 38
|estyear=2022
|estimate=37
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 17, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 17, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 46 people, 23 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|191.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 23 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.25.

The median age in the city was 49.7 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 45.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.5% male and 43.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 51 people, 22 households and 13 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|212.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|125.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.92% of the population.

There were 22 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40.9% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.08.

23.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $25,313 and the median family income was $36,250. Males had a median income of $21,563 versus $6,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,837. There were 12.5% of families and 23.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

