==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1930= 171
|1940= 186
|1950= 142
|1960= 109
|1970= 101
|1980= 119
|1990= 94
|2000= 117
|2010= 123
|2020= 111
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
Ramah is located within the [[Colorado Springs, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 117 people, 50 households, and 31 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|473.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.85% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.85% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.55% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,250, and the median income for a family was $48,000. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,465. There were no families and 2.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.-->{{clear left}}

