==Demographics==

{{Historical populations
|type= USA
|1990|1074
|2000|1040
|2010|981
|2020|972
|source=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,040 people, 457 households, and 301 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|796.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 495 housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 457 households, out of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,952, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $29,706 versus $18,393 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,691. About 11.9% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.2% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

