==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 512
|1920= 490
|1930= 400
|1940= 445
|1950= 399
|1960= 381
|1970= 169
|1980= 129
|1990= 159
|2000= 117
|2010= 179
|2020= 108
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Linndale village, Ohio – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Linndale village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US3943918&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Linndale village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3943918&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Linndale village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3943918&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|80
|96
|style='background: #ffffe6; |72
|68.38%
|53.63%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |66.67%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|22
|49
|style='background: #ffffe6; |12
|18.80%
|27.37%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |11.11%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|1
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.85%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|3
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|1.68%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.70%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|5
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|4.27%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|9
|31
|style='background: #ffffe6; |20
|7.69%
|17.32%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |18.52%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''117'''
|'''179'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''108 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web|publisher=United States Census Bureau|title=Census.gov|url=https://www.census.gov/en.html|access-date=January 16, 2022|website=Census.gov|language=EN-US}}</ref> of 2020, there were 108 people, 58 households, and 33 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,350|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|750|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 68.5% [[White (US Census)|White]], 11.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 13.9% from [[Other races (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.5% of the population.

There were 58 households, of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.6 had a female householder with no husband present, 24.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 6.9% were non-families. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.67. The median age in the village was 39.4 years. 33.8% of residents were under the age of 18. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 179 people, 66 households, and 38 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2237.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|937.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 65.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 27.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 4.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.3% of the population.

There were 66 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 19.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 28.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the village was 35.1 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.9% were from 45 to 64; and 7.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 117 people, 57 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,332.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|808.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 68.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.69% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.1% were non-families. 43.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 42.7% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,500, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $25,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,912. There were 21.7% of families and 15.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 19.2% of under eighteens and 10.0% of those over 64.

