==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1870= 422
|1880= 450
|1890= 625
|1900= 621
|1910= 730
|1920= 690
|1930= 779
|1940= 868
|1950= 1064
|1960= 1146
|1970= 1199
|1980= 1265
|1990= 1283
|2000= 1444
|2010= 1628
|2020= 1566
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,628 people, 690 households, and 433 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|904.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 753 housing units at an average density of {{convert|418.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 690 households, of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 42.5 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,444 people, 585 households, and 372 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,097.6 people per square mile (422.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 624 housing units at an average density of 474.3 per square mile (182.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. 0.14% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 585 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $51,806. Males had a median income of $36,597 versus $26,296 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,462. About 3.2% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

