==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 959
|1900= 995
|1910= 989
|1920= 969
|1930= 1108
|1940= 1039
|1950= 1019
|1960= 917
|1970= 1211
|1980= 1034
|1990= 851
|2000= 794
|2010= 688
|2020= 670
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 794 people, 327 households, and 216 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|578.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|279.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.26% of the population.

There were 327 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $30,556 versus $16,477 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,273. About 10.1% of families and 16.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 25.5% of those age 65 or over.

