==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 788
|1890= 606
|1900= 1274
|1910= 1573
|1920= 1878
|1930= 1559
|1940= 1444
|1950= 1506
|1960= 1477
|1970= 1415
|1980= 1401
|1990= 1255
|2000= 1227
|2010= 1207
|2020= 1136
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,207 people, 556 households, and 276 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 1,724.3 people per square mile (670.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 618 housing units at an average density of 882.9/sq&nbsp;mi (343.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US5041950| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212161330/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US5041950| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Lyndonville village, Vermont| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=February 6, 2013}}</ref>

There were 556 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.0% were headed by a husband-wife couple, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.4% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17, and the average family size was 2.74.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 18.3% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

