==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 108
|1940= 103
|1950= 136
|1960= 107
|1970= 96
|1980= 94
|1990= 85
|2000= 80
|2010= 74
|2020= 129
|estyear=2022
|estimate=127
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 74 people, 29 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|148.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.2% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 32.3 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 36.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 80 people, 35 households, and 19 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|173.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|84.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.00% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the [[Population (human biology)|population]] was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $51,875. Males had a median income of $35,833 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,278. There were 7.7% of families and 20.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.3% of under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.

