==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 355
|2020= 322
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Crows Landing had a population of 322. The population density was {{convert|194.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Crows Landing was 103 (32.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 7 (2.2%) [[African Americans|African American]], 1 (0.3%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 164 (50.9%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 47 (14.6%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 243 persons (75.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Crows Landing CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0617428 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 12, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 100 households, out of which 31 (31.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 45 (45.0%) were married-couple households, 4 (4.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 19 (19.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 32 (32.0%) had a male householder with no partner present. 29 households (29.0%) were one person, and 11 (11.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.22.<ref name=DP1/> There were 68 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (68.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Crows Landing CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0617428 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 12, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 86 people (26.7%) under the age of 18, 23 people (7.1%) aged 18 to 24, 85 people (26.4%) aged 25 to 44, 99 people (30.7%) aged 45 to 64, and 29 people (9.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 37.0{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 161.8 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 100 (88.5%) were occupied. Of these, 47 (47.0%) were owner-occupied, and 53 (53.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

