==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 2532
|1910= 3423
|1920= 3991
|1930= 4562
|1940= 4248
|1950= 4113
|1960= 3813
|1970= 3525
|1980= 2840
|1990= 2937
|2000= 2681
|2010= 2188
|2020= 2087
|estyear=2023
|estimate=2055
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 2,087 people living in the village, for a population density of 6,461.30 people per square mile (2,491.62/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,048 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 57.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 27.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 6.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 7.8% from two or more races. 8.4% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Elmwood Place village, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Elmwood_Place_village,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3925186 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 14, 2023}}</ref>

There were 747 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 21.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 43.9% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 30.3% had a female householder with no spouse present. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97, and the average family size was 4.18.<ref name="2020 census"/>

30.2% of the village's population were under the age of 18, 55.9% were 18 to 64, and 13.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33.6. For every 100 females, there were 106.4 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the village was $37,552, and the median income for a family was $51,136. About 24.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.4% of those under age 18 and 25.7% of those age 65 or over. About 52.4% of the population were employed, and 7.8% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,188 people, 872 households, and 477 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|6837.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,099 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3434.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 79.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 872 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the village was 35.2 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,681 people, 1,061 households, and 658 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|8,106.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,546.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 1,061 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,017, and the median income for a family was $31,528. Males had a median income of $29,902 versus $21,812 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,466. About 20.2% of families and 19.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

