==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 274
|1970= 174
|1980= 191
|1990= 179
|2000= 277
|2010= 226
|2020= 215
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 226 people, 90 households, and 48 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2511.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1144.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 8.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 35.0% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.7% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.56.

The median age in the city was 33.7 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 277 people, 95 households, and 62 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|2,971.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,126.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 80.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 14.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 38.27% of the population.

There were 95 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 37.9% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,083, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $22,679 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,046.  About 32.7% of families and 35.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 38.2% of those 65 or over.

