==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 61
|1890= 63
|1900= 75
|1910= 73
|1920= 125
|1930= 150
|1940= 339
|1950= 374
|1960= 477
|1970= 546
|1980= 564
|1990= 511
|2000= 606
|2010= 569
|2020= 585
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Newton Grove racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3747020&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 400
| 68.38%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 80
| 13.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 19
| 3.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 78
| 13.33%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 585 people, 249 households, and 154 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 606 people, 223 households, and 152 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|197.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|78.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 8.75% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.19% of the population.

There were 223 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $37,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,295. About 7.0% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

