==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 153
|1930= 316
|1940= 453
|1950= 547
|1960= 469
|1970= 307
|1980= 296
|1990= 210
|2000= 223
|2010= 238
|2020= 272
|estyear=2023
|estimate=284
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 238 people, 124 households, and 54 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1133.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|981.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 124 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 56.5% were non-families. 49.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 48.3 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 37.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 223 people, 122 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,076.1 people per square mile (410.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 192 housing units at an average density of 926.5 per square mile (353.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 122 households, out of which 18.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 56.6% were non-families. 54.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 33.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,083, and the median income for a family was $35,250. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,390. About 24.4% of families and 33.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.2% of those 65 or over.

