==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 317
|1890= 270
|1900= 284
|1910= 296
|1920= 351
|1930= 350
|1940= 355
|1950= 336
|1960= 332
|1970= 318
|1980= 306
|1990= 331
|2000= 334
|2010= 347
|2020= 309
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 347 people, 135 households, and 89 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1084.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|459.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 135 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.26.

The median age in the town was 35.5 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 334 people, 129 households, and 94 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,153.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|476.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.40% of the population.

There were 129 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,250, and the median income for a family was $42,222. Males had a median income of $37,841 versus $25,795 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,834. About 3.3% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

