==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 298
| 1930 = 512
| 1940 = 490
| 1950 = 566
| 1960 = 564
| 1970 = 819
| 1980 = 1023
| 1990 = 775
| 2000 = 981
| 2010 = 1076
| 2020 = 996
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 1005
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Mount Ida racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0547690&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 869
| 87.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 4
| 0.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 16
| 1.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.1%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 3
| 0.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 55
| 5.52%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 48
| 4.82%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 996 people, 428 households, and 273 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 981 people, 412 households, and 257 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|598.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 471 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.53% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.10% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.94% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races.  0.51% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 412 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.2% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 34.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,438, and the median income for a family was $30,714. Males had a median income of $25,875 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,532.  About 18.9% of families and 23.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.2% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

