==Demographics==
As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 1,427, with a density of 326.25 people per square mile (125.95/km²). There were 561 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.7% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 3.8% from two or more races. 2.2% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Blue Jay CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Blue_Jay_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3907377 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=3 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 560 households, out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 10.2% had a female householder with no spouse present. 14.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95, and the average family size was 3.27.<ref name="2020 census"/>

31.0% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 55.2% were 18 to 64, and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.1. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $103,350, and the median income for a family was $104,029. About 4.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over. About 66.5% of the population were employed, and 26.4% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

