==Demographics==
Many of the current residents are of mixed Russian and [[Sugpiaq]] ([[Alutiiq]]) heritage. Villagers speak [[Alutiiq language|Sugt'stun]], an [[Eskimo language]] closely related to [[Yupik language|Yup'ik]].

{{US Census population
|1880= 88
|1890= 107
|1930= 107
|1940= 48
|1950= 75
|1960= 78
|1970= 58
|1980= 124
|1990= 158
|2000= 177
|2010= 254
|2020= 247
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Nanwalek first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as the unincorporated village of Alexandrovsk.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=english+bay&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref> It had 75 Sugpiaq residents, 12 Creole (Mixed Russian & Sugpiaq) and 1 White.<ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1880}}</ref> It reported as English Bay in 1890, with 107 residents (100 Sugpiaq, 6 Creole, 1 White).<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> It did not report again until 1930, when it returned 107 residents, the same as 40 years earlier. It continued to report in every successive census. In 1980, English Bay was made a census-designated place (CDP). In 1991, the name was officially changed to the present Nanwalek.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 177 people, 45 households, and 32 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|20.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was  89.27% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 6.78% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 3.95% from two or more races.  1.13% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 45 households, out of which 55.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.93 and the average family size was 4.79.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.9% under the age of 18, 14.1% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 10.7% from 45 to 64, and 0.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $45,750. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $32,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,577.  About 14.7% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.6% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

