==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 265
|1920= 293
|1930= 251
|1940= 215
|1950= 196
|1960= 226
|1970= 128
|1980= 143
|1990= 129
|2000= 91
|2010= 104
|2020= 78
|estyear=2022
|estimate=76
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 31, 2013|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 104 people, 46 households, and 25 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|273.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.7% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.7% male and 41.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 91 people, 39 households, and 23 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|238.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,813, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $40,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,056. There were 12.5% of families and 12.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

