==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 301
|2000= 412
|2010= 384
|2020= 411
|estyear=2022
|estimate=417
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 412 people, 146 households, and 121 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|252.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.47% of the population.

There were 146 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.1% were non-families. 13.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $24,625 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,863. About 10.3% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.4% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

