==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=233
|2020=255
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Fort Washington first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Fort Washington had a population of 255. The population density was {{convert|2,056.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Fort Washington was 210 (82.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.8%) [[African Americans|African American]], 5 (2.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (1.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4 (1.6%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 31 (12.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 46 persons (18.0%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Fort Washington CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0625300 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 98 households, out of which 32 (32.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 70 (71.4%) were married-couple households, 2 (2.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 19 (19.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 7 (7.1%) had a male householder with no partner present. 14 households (14.3%) were one person, and 10 (10.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.60.<ref name=DP1/> There were 82 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (83.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Fort Washington CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0625300 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 62 people (24.3%) under the age of 18, 16 people (6.3%) aged 18 to 24, 49 people (19.2%) aged 25 to 44, 56 people (22.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 72 people (28.2%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 45.1{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|871.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 98 (90.7%) were occupied. Of these, 91 (92.9%) were owner-occupied, and 7 (7.1%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

