==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 7673
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |accessdate=June 4, 2016 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+South Cleveland racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4769740&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 25, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 6,218
| 81.03%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 214
| 2.79%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 20
| 0.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 55
| 0.72%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 8
| 0.1%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 371
| 4.84%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 787
| 10.26%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 7,673 people, 3,066 households, and 2,178 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 6,216 people, 2,314 households, and 1,828 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|425.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,473 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.09% of the population.

There were 2,314 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,995, and the median income for a family was $39,983. Males had a median income of $28,181 versus $20,650 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,370. About 8.2% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

