==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 395
|1900= 431
|1910= 404
|1920= 367
|1930= 341
|1940= 361
|1950= 340
|1960= 334
|1970= 403
|1980= 315
|1990= 301
|2000= 296
|2010= 303
|2020= 220
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 303 people, 96 households, and 77 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|409.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.8% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 13.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.8% were non-families. 15.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 3.52.

The median age in the village was 33.8 years. 33.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 296 people, 90 households, and 73 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|397.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 14.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.22% of the population.

There were 90 households, out of which 52.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.8% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.29 and the average family size was 3.62.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 41.2% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 12.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $39,000. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,642. About 11.4% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.8% of those 65 or over.

