==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1064
|1910= 686
|1920= 663
|1930= 633
|1940= 634
|1950= 612
|1960= 581
|1970= 601
|1980= 688
|1990= 705
|2000= 714
|2010= 807
|2020= 790
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 807 people, 305 households, and 250 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|24.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 305 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.0% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 714 people, 264 households, and 214 families living in the city.  The [[population density]] was 21.4 people per square mile (8.3/km{{sup|2}}).  There were 279 housing units at an average density of 8.4 per square mile (3.2/km{{sup|2}}).  The racial makeup of the city was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.14% of the population.

There were 264 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.6% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $50,156. Males had a median income of $36,000 versus $20,673 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,042.  About 5.1% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under age 18 and 1.1% of those age 65 or over.

