==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 199
|1830= 362
|1840= 727
|1850= 771
|1860= 801
|1870= 1109
|1880= 1127
|1890= 1366
|1900= 1425
|1910= 1394
|1920= 1440
|1930= 1467
|1940= 1502
|1950= 2653
|1960= 2868
|1970= 3963
|1980= 3851
|1990= 4244
|2000= 3167
|2010= 5646
|2020= 5946
|estyear=2023
|estimate=6281
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR2" /><ref name=Census1870>{{cite web|title=Population of Civil Divisions Less than Counties|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1870a-08.pdf|work=Statistics of the Population of the United States at the Ninth Census|date=1870|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=April 24, 2020}}</ref><ref name=Census1880>{{cite web|title=Population of Civil Divisions Less than Counties|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-11.pdf|date=1880|work=Statistics of the Population of the United States at the Tenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 28, 2013}}</ref><ref name=Census1910>{{cite web|title=Population: Ohio|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/36894832v3ch3.pdf|work=1910 U.S. Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 28, 2013}}</ref><ref name=Census1930>{{cite web|title=Population: Ohio|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch08.pdf|work=1930 US Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 28, 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Ohio|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/1960/population-volume-1/37749282v1p37_ch02.pdf|date=1960|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=April 24, 2020}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Ohio: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-37.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref>
<ref>https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/granvillevillageohio,OH/PST045219 {{Dead link|date=February 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,646 people, 1,441 households, and 1,017 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1206.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,554 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 1,441 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 22 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 38.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,167 people, 1,309 households, and 888 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|790.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 1,309 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $67,689, and the median income for a family was $102,885 . Males had a median income of $72,250 versus $46,484 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $39,221. About 3.9% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

