==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 27
|1940= 139
|1950= 123
|1960= 231
|1970= 573
|1980= 397
|1990= 328
|2000= 326
|2010= 290
|2020= 287
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 290 people, 130 households, and 100 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|271.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 130 households, of which 14.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.1% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 55.3 years. 12.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.7% were from 25 to 44; 43.8% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 326 people, 132 households, and 104 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|314.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 2.76% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.2% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, 20.2% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.5% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% was 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $114,524, and the median income for a family was $131,261. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $48,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $83,792.  None of the families and 1.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including none under eighteen and 2.6% of those over 64.

