==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 658
|2000= 721
|2010= 763
|2020= 787
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|website=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Susan Moore racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0174160&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=Data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|615
|78.14%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|6
|0.76%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.38%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|23
|2.92%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|140
|17.79%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 787 people, 317 households, and 232 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 721 people, 268 households, and 210 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|137.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 304 housing units at an average density of {{convert|58.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.48% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 5.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 5.96% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 268 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.3% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.3% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 26.2% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $32,431 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,540. About 10.3% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 28.9% of those age 65 or over.

