==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 494
|1860= 512
|1870= 478
|1880= 426
|1890= 441
|1900= 486
|1910= 549
|1920= 508
|1930= 457
|1940= 450
|1950= 479
|1960= 548
|1970= 605
|1980= 327
|1990= 481
|2000= 627
|2010= 581
|2020= 691
|estyear=2021
|estimate=689
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 627 people, 262 households, and 175 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,143.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|510.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 262 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were married couples living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. Of all households 27.9% were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $29,896, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $32,171 versus $25,833 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $16,127. About 14.5% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.0% of those under age 18 and 3.3% of those age 65 or over.

