==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 341
|1970= 505
|1980= 541
|1990= 597
|2000= 553
|2010= 545
|2020= 539
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{{Expand section|Missing specific information seen in the other census sections|date=May 2026}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 539 people, 255 households, and 153 families living in the city. <ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Glenaire_city,_Missouri?g=160XX00US2927262#populations-and-people |access-date=2026-05-24 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 545 people, 220 households, and 166 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2018.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 231 housing units at an average density of {{convert|855.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 220 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.5% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 42.5 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 553 people, 219 households, and 174 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,861.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|760.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.08% of the population.

There were 219 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.5% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $54,327, and the median income for a family was $56,000. Males had a median income of $38,472 versus $26,979 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,133. About 4.7% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 2.3% of those age 65 or over.

