==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 341
|1870= 371
|1880= 361
|1900= 429
|1910= 907
|1920= 974
|1930= 1508
|1940= 1550
|1950= 1943
|1960= 2331
|1970= 2279
|1980= 2871
|1990= 2774
|2000= 3183
|2010= 3964
|2020= 4456
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref>{{Cite web  |title=Census.gov |url=https://www.census.gov/en.html |access-date=2024-02-28 |website=Census.gov |language=EN-US}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,964 people, 1,528 households, and 904 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|969.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,625 housing units at an average density of {{convert|397.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 1,528 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the village was 38.8 years. 16.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census.gov |url=https://www.census.gov/en.html |access-date=2024-02-28 |website=Census.gov |language=EN-US}}</ref> of 2000, there were 3,183 people, 1,365 households, and 877 families living in the village. The population density was 864.1 people per square mile (334.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,465 housing units at an average density of 397.7 per square mile (153.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 1,365 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,139, and the median income for a family was $45,167. Males had a median income of $32,952 versus $26,469 for females. The per capita income for the village was $19,848. About 5.4% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

