==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 554
|1890= 495
|1900= 460
|1910= 646
|1920= 630
|1930= 734
|1940= 1291
|1950= 1405
|1960= 1434
|1970= 2124
|1980= 2257
|1990= 2148
|2000= 2375
|2010= 2544
|2020= 2524
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2487
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The median income for a household in the town was $24,178, and the median income for a family was $28,919. Males had a median income of $24,423 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,704. About 19.8% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.2% of those under age 18 and 24.4% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,544 people, 1,097 households, and 624 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1082.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.0% of the population.

There were 1,097 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the town was 40.1 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

