==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 366
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 326 people, 193 households, and 99 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|327.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 522 housing units at an average density of {{convert|523.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 193 households, out of which 5.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.2% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.69 and the average family size was 2.20.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 4.9% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 16.9% from 25 to 44, 42.0% from 45 to 64, and 34.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,708, and the median income for a family was $51,750. Males had a median income of $37,273 versus $28,472 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $32,158. None of the families and 6.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

