==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 474
|1960= 534
|1970= 597
|1980= 1302
|1990= 2273
|2000= 2481
|2010= 2531
|2020= 2897
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population [http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,481 people, 1,056 households, and 664 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,184.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 93.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.89% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.29% of the population.

There were 1,056 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 35.2% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $70,236, and the median income for a family was $74,375. Males had a median income of $51,835 versus $43,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $37,707. About 2.6% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

