==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 149
|1930= 157
|1940= 221
|1950= 170
|1960= 147
|1970= 171
|1980= 268
|1990= 221
|2000= 366
|2010= 431
|2020= 403
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 366 people, 147 households, and 104 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,409.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|689.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.19% of the population.

There were 147 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were married couples living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,281, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $37,917 versus $16,563 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,284. About 23.5% of families and 29.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 45.8% of those under age 18 and 15.9% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

