==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 330
|1920= 173
|1930= 177
|1940= 189
|1950= 190
|1960= 122
|1970= 104
|1980= 69
|1990= 45
|2000= 59
|2010= 25
|2020= 22
|estyear=2022
|estimate=21
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 14, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 14, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 25 people, 13 households, and 6 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|50.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, of which 7.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.8% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 59.8 years. 8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 36% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 59 people, 22 households, and 13 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|118.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.3|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.39% of the population.

There were 22 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.36.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 37.3% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 15.3% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $14,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,808. There were 14.3% of families and 18.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

