==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1830= 194
|1840= 355
|1870= 384
|1880= 702
|1890= 763
|1900= 826
|1910= 1729
|1920= 1658
|1930= 1394
|1940= 1376
|1950= 1510
|1960= 1854
|1970= 1977
|1980= 2238
|1990= 1997
|2000= 2130
|2010= 2132
|2020= 2064
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,132 people, 841 households, and 564 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1261.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 937 housing units at an average density of {{convert|554.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 841 households, of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 37.4 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,130 people, 822 households, and 569 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,254.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 888 housing units at an average density of {{convert|523.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village is 98.59% White, 0.09% African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.47% from other races, and 0.61% from two or more races. 0.94% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 822 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,238, and the median income for a family was $40,750. Males had a median income of $31,281 versus $23,243 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,811. About 4.7% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

