==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 394
|1970= 566
|1980= 529
|1990= 1001
|2000= 1030
|2010= 1111
|2020= 1124
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="2020Census">{{cite web|title=Data.Census|url=https://www.census.gov/data.html|website=data.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 11, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,111 people, 527 households, and 332 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|918.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 549 housing units at an average density of {{convert|453.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 527 households, of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the village was 59.7 years. 15.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.8% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 39.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,030 people, 445 households, and 339 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|858.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 477 housing units at an average density of {{convert|397.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 91.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 445 households, out of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.9% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 16.0% from 25 to 44, 36.6% from 45 to 64, and 28.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $123,771, and the median income for a family was $138,806. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $55,556 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $74,588.  None of the families and 0.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

