==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 510
|1990= 610
|2000= 542
|2010= 747
|2020= 534
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Moose Creek first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 542 people, 223 households, and 128 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|342.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 280 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.38% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.21% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.29% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.37% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.14% from two or more races.   [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.95% of the population.

There were 223 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.2% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 16.8% from 18 to 24, 35.4% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 3.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 143.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 146.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,375, and the median income for a family was $44,018. Males had a median income of $24,643 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,980.  About 11.0% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 33.3% of those age 65 or over.

