==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 394
|1890= 266
|1900= 567
|1910= 730
|1920= 622
|1930= 634
|1940= 695
|1950= 833
|1960= 976
|1970= 1052
|1980= 991
|1990= 968
|2000= 921
|2010= 933
|2020= 941
|estyear=2023
|estimate=938
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 26, 2013}}</ref><ref>Data in historical populations table from {{citation|title=US Census, 1890|year = 1891|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=40kUAAAAYAAJ&dq=census%20pataskala&pg=RA1-PA151}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1920|year = 1921|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=oei2AAAAIAAJ&dq=census+pataskala&pg=PA565}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1950|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=32pqAAAAYAAJ&dq=census%20pataskala%201930&pg=SA35-PA18}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1970|year = 1973|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=4j0YAAAAYAAJ&dq=1970%20census%20ohio%20%22heath%22&pg=SA37-PA15}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 2000|isbn = 9781428986060|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=9A1ElkbD3YcC&dq=1990%20census%20ohio&pg=PA21}}; {{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 26, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 933 people, 362 households, and 259 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|818.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 393 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 362 households, of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.5% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 37.2 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 921 people, 359 households, and 268 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|856.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 386 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 359 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.3% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,886, and the median income for a family was $45,179. Males had a median income of $37,417 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,380. About 2.6% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

