==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 112
| 1940 = 104
| 1950 = 83
| 1960 = 48
| 1970 = 163
| 1980 = 187
| 1990 = 308
| 2000 = 490
| 2010 = 502
| 2020 = 593
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 631
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{cbignore}}<br/>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 490 people, 177 households and 136 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|133.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.35% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.43% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.61% from two or more races.  1.43% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 177 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.18.

29.4% of residents were under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $33,393 and the median family income was $38,750. Males had a median income of $27,031 versus $22,404 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,159. About 9.8% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

