==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 3
|1930= 39
|1940= 34
|1950= 4
|1960= 19
|1970= 24
|1980= 16
|1990= 28
|2000= 13
|2010= 11
|2020= 50
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 13 people, 6 households, and 3 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|54.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 92% White and 8% Native American.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>
Of the 6 households 17% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50% were married couples living together, and 50% were non-families. 33% of households were one person and 17% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 3.00.

The age distribution was 15% under the age of 18, 23% from 18 to 24, 8% from 25 to 44, 31% from 45 to 64, and 23% 65 or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median household income was $33,750 and the median family income  was $98,750. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $0 for females. The per capita income for the village was $43,185. Nobody in the village was below the [[poverty line]].

The village is the smallest in New York state, in terms of total population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Village Government · GitBook |url=https://video.dos.ny.gov/lg/handbook/html/village_government.html |access-date=September 9, 2023 |website=video.dos.ny.gov}}</ref>

