==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 260
|1920= 266
|1930= 740
|1940= 691
|1950= 1115
|1960= 1246
|1970= 1387
|1980= 1603
|1990= 1410
|2000= 1417
|2010= 1385
|2020= 1295
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,617 people, 587 households, and 407 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|413.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 681 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 587 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The incorporated Towns of Olla, Urania, Tullos, and Georgetown, unincorporated Northern LaSalle, Southern Caldwell, Northern Grant, and Eastern Winn Parishes are considered the Olla Market Area or Olla Region.

