==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 1105
|2010= 946
|2020= 908
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,105 people, 411 households, and 286 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|592.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 467 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.00% of the population. 23.7% were of [[Finnish people|Finnish]], 18.4% [[French people|French]], 11.9% [[Germans|German]], 10.9% [[French Canadian]], 8.9% [[English people|English]] and 6.9% [[Italian people|Italian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 411 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,612, and the median income for a family was $35,481. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $25,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,260.  About 10.5% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

