==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 500
|1960= 414
|1970= 373
|1980= 522
|1990= 466
|2000= 547
|2010= 519
|2020= 519
|estyear=2021
|estimate=522
|estref=<ref name="population" /> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 547 people, 199 households, and 125 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,322.1 people per square mile (515.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 235 housing units at an average density of 568.0 per square mile (221.3/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 71.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 24.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.19% of the population.

There were 199 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.8% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 136.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $23,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,050. About 3.7% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

