==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 583
|1870= 453
|1880= 452
|1890= 391
|1900= 370
|1910= 367
|1920= 561
|1930= 968
|1940= 1240
|1950= 1652
|1960= 2766
|1970= 3097
|1980= 3084
|1990= 2992
|2000= 2866
|2010= 2555
|2020= 2463
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Poland_village,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3963954 |access-date=March 15, 2024 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there were 2,463 people and 1,090 households in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1483|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|680.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The village's racial makeup was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,555 people, 1,066 households, and 765 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1567.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|696.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The village's racial makeup was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 1,066 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 46.3 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The village's gender makeup was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,990 people, 1,086 households, and 822 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,303.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 1,123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|902.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 1,086 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.3% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $47,273, and the median income for a family was $55,486. Males had a median income of $42,857 versus $23,603 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,924. About 4.5% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

