==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 435
|1960= 381
|1970= 328
|1980= 253
|1990= 206
|2000= 189
|2010= 176
|2020= 144
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 176 people, 83 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|977.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|516.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.2% of the population.

There were 83 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.0% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 15.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 36.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 189 people, 88 households, and 51 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,010.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 92.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.35% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.0% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,909, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $29,000 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,884.  About 4.5% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 20.7% of those 65 or over.

