==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 128
|1890= 205
|1900= 246
|1910= 213
|1920= 229
|1930= 139
|1960= 140
|1970= 105
|1980= 124
|1990= 65
|2000= 89
|2010= 78
|2020= 67
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 89 people, 35 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|255.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.62% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 13.5% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 154.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $14,167, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,217. There were 12.5% of families and 28.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 40.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

