==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 875
|1930= 852
|1940= 979
|1950= 1120
|1960= 760
|1970= 630
|1980= 416
|1990= 319
|2000= 369
|2010= 314
|2020= 266
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 369 people, 172 households, and 99 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|364.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 230 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 45.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 51.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 87.80% of the population.

There were 172 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $17,273, and the median income for a family was $21,667. Males had a median income of $20,357 versus $16,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,459. About 23.8% of families and 22.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.2% of those under age 18 and 28.4% of those age 65 or over.

