==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 356
|1910= 543
|1920= 676
|1930= 657
|1940= 844
|1950= 899
|1960= 841
|1970= 868
|1980= 907
|1990= 821
|2000= 865
|2010= 821
|2020= 723
|estyear=2021
|estimate=718
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 821 people, 357 households, and 193 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|943.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 431 housing units at an average density of {{convert|495.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 357 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.9% were non-families. 43.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 29.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 865 people, 360 households, and 192 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|987.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 399 housing units at an average density of {{convert|455.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 94.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.31% of the population.

There were 360 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.4% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 18.4% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 36.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,083, and the median income for a family was $35,357. Males had a median income of $27,955 versus $19,205 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,865.  About 8.4% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

