==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 381
|1910= 456
|1920= 492
|1930= 534
|1940= 759
|1950= 908
|1960= 969
|1970= 1166
|1980= 1369
|1990= 1455
|2000= 2114
|2010= 2668
|2020= 2899
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2020 [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Grottoes_town,_Virginia?g=160XX00US5133488 |access-date=2024-07-27 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> there were 2,899 people, 1,283 households, and 1,156 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,590.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,283 housing units at an average density of {{convert|986.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.07% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]], 4.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.00% identified as two or more races.

There were 1,283 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 13.0% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38. In the town, 54.48% identified female and 45.51% identified male.

The median household income is $78,750.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Grottoes_town,_Virginia?g=160XX00US5133488 |access-date=2024-07-27 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Among families with a single householder present, males had a median income of $95,625 versus $40,679 for females.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=income%20Grottoes,%20VA%202020&g=160XX00US5133488 |access-date=2024-07-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The [[per capita income]] for the town was $29,984. About 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], and of 21.9% of those people were under 18 years old.

