==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 359
|1990= 453
|2000= 482
|2010= 719
|2020= 650
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Two Rivers first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 482 people, 177 households, and 124 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|16.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.59% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.49% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.19% from two or more races.  1.24% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 177 households, out of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 34.6% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 1.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 120.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $58,571, and the median income for a family was $58,661. Males had a median income of $45,500 versus $21,736 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,351.  None of the families and none of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

