==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1920 = 288
| 1930 = 238
| 1940 = 231
| 1950 = 152
| 1960 = 81
| 1970 = 65
| 1980 = 107
| 1990 = 107
| 2000 = 122
| 2010 = 129
| 2020 = 101
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Kirvin, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Kirvin%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 7, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 122 people, 41 households, and 28 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|303.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.92% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 43.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 13.1% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,320. There were 3.6% of families and 5.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

