==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 277
|2000= 406
|2010= 418
|2020= 430
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Timbercreek Canyon racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4873030&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|362
|84.19%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|6
|1.4%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.23%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|2
|0.47%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|19
|4.42%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|40
|9.3%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''430'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 430 people, 210 households, and 176 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 406 people, 149 households, and 141 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|220.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.17% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 84.6% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 4.7% were non-families. 4.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 25.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 35.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $80,758, and the median income for a family was $82,991. Males had a median income of $51,538 versus $33,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $32,036. About 2.1% of families and 1.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

