==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 523
|1890= 451
|1900= 434
|1910= 375
|1920= 290
|1930= 333
|1940= 315
|1950= 258
|1960= 242
|1970= 184
|1980= 218
|1990= 195
|2000= 203
|2010= 196
|2020= 181
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 196 people, 89 households, and 52 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|264.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 89 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.6% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 47.7 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.9% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 203 people, 74 households, and 56 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|275.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 74 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $34,250. Males had a median income of $29,063 versus $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,356. About 11.8% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.4% of those 65 or over.

