==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 760
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="census.gov">{{cite web|year = 2000|url = http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=zia&_cityTown=zia&_state=04000US35&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y|title = Zia Pueblo CDP, New Mexico|publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date = July 5, 2009|archive-url = https://archive.today/20200212053055/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=zia&_cityTown=zia&_state=04000US35&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y|archive-date = February 12, 2020|url-status = dead}}</ref> of 2000, there were 646 people, 155 households, and 137 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 23.7 people per square mile (9.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 189 housing units at an average density of 6.9 per square mile (2.7/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 155 households, out of which 43.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 37.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.0% were non-families. 10.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.17 and the average family size was 4.38.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 34.8% under the age of 18, 12.4% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 6.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $37,679. Males had a median income of $20,313 versus $19,271 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,689. About 15.0% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

