==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 328
|1970= 515
|1980= 596
|1990= 483
|2000= 510
|2010= 414
|2020= 443
|estyear=2022
|estimate=439
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 11, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 11, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 414 people, 184 households, and 119 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1335.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|751.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 80.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.2% of the population.

There were 184 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 39.1 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 8.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 510 people, 234 households, and 120 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,632.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,050.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 76.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.86% of the population.

There were 234 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.3% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 40.2% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 3.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,962, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $24,844 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,477. About 22.0% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.4% of those under age 18 and 33.3% of those age 65 or over.

