==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 141
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 117 people, 48 households, and 32 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|212.86|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 71.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.42% from two or more races.

There were 48 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,750, and the median income for a family was $27,321. Males had a median income of $38,636 versus $15,865 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,951. There were 11.8% of families and 11.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 32.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

