==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 619
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=4 June 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name=GR2/> there were 672 people, 264 households, and 196 families in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|281.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 585 housing units at an average density of 245.3/square mile (94.5/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.38% of the population.

There were 264 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.79.

The population contained 24.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $40,446. Males had a median income of $29,609 versus $14,423 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,062. About 3.7% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.4% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

