==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 517
|1920= 571
|1930= 894
|1960= 681
|2000= 457
|2010= 396
|2020= 361
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Ash Fork (or Ashfork) first appeared on the 1910 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village with 517 residents, the fourth-largest community in Yavapai County (behind Prescott, Jerome, and Humboldt).<ref>{{cite web |title=Supplement for Arizona - Population, Agriculture, Manufactures, Mines and Quarries |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41033935v1-8ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1910}}</ref> Although it did not report a separate population for the village, it did report as the Ash Fork precinct in 1920<ref>{{cite web |author1=Bureau of the Census Library |title=Fourteenth Census of the United States - State Compendium - Arizona |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/06229686v1-7ch02.pdf |publisher=U.S. Government Printing Office |date=1924}}</ref> and 1930 (reporting a majority White population in the latter).<ref>{{cite web |title=Arizona - Composition and Characteristics |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/10612963v3p1ch02.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |pages=141{{endash}}163 |date=1930}}</ref> The population of Ash Fork was 681 in the 1960 census.<ref>{{Cite encyclopedia |year=1960 |title=Arizona |encyclopedia=World Book Encyclopedia |publisher=Field Enterprises Educational Corporation |location=Chicago |volume=A |page=557}}</ref> In 2000, it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000,  457 people, 149 households, and 109 families were residing in the CDP.  The [[population density]] was 199.1 people.sq mi (76.7/km<sup>2</sup>).  The 189 housing units had an average density of 82.3/sq mi (31.7/km<sup>2</sup>).  The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 96.3% White, 1.3% Native American, 1.5% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races.  Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 51.4% of the population.

Of the 149 households, 35.6% had children under 18 living with them, 54.4% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were not families. About 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 or older.  The average household size was 3.07, and the average family size was 3.45.

In the CDP, the age distribution was 28.7% under 18, 13.6% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 161.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 143.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,893, and for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $23,854 versus $21,094 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,802.  About 16.5% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.1% of those under age 18 and 18.4% of those age 65 or over.

The numerous flagstone quarries and companies are often cited as the largest employers in the area, as is the local school district, to which most teachers commute from nearby cities.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Racial Composition 
|-
! Race ''(NH = Non-Hispanic)'' !! % 2020<ref>{{cite web |title=P9 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2020) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US0404440&y=2020 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> !! % 2010<ref>{{cite web |title=P9 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2010) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US0404440&y=2010 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> !! % 2000<ref>{{cite book |title=Arizona: 2000 Summary Population and Housing Characteristics |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |pages=26-27 |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2002/dec/phc-1-4.pdf}}</ref> !! Pop. 2020 !! Pop. 2010 !! Pop. 2000 
|-
| White Alone (NH) || 46.8% || 54.5% || 46.8% || 169 || 216 || 214
|-
| Black or African American Alone (NH) || 0% || 0.8% || 0% || 0 || 3 || 0
|-
| Native American Alone (NH) || 0.6% || 1.5% || 0.9% || 2 || 6 || 4
|-
| Asian Alone (NH) || 0% || 0% || 0% || 0 || 0 || 0
|-
| Pacific Islander Alone (NH) || 0% || 0% || 0% || 0 || 0 || 0
|-
| Some Other Race Alone (NH) || 0% || 0% || 0% || 0 || 0 || 0
|-
| Multiracial (NH) || 7.5% || 1% || 0.9% || 27 || 4 || 4
|-
| Hispanic (Any race) || 45.2% || 42.2% || 51.4% || 163 || 167 || 235
|}

