==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 475
|1920= 642
|1930= 560
|1940= 601
|1950= 494
|1960= 442
|1970= 417
|1980= 687
|1990= 696
|2000= 947
|2010= 895
|2020= 901
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 947 people, 374 households, and 259 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|231.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 411 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.64% of the population.

There were 374 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,815, and the median income for a family was $38,571. Males had a median income of $27,961 versus $20,263 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,447. About 6.5% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 21.8% of those age 65 or over.

