==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 727
|1940= 604
|1950= 775
|1960= 621
|1970= 445
|1980= 586
|1990= 500
|2000= 423
|2010= 433
|2020= 374
|estyear=2025
|estimate=360
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 433 people, 170 households, and 123 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|178.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 170 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the town was 39.5 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 424 people, 168 households, and 115 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 174.0 people per square mile (67.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 211 housing units at an average density of 86.8 per square mile (33.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.60% of the population.

There were 168 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $48,214, and the median income for a family was $54,688. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,384. About 1.7% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

