==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 57
|1910= 230
|1920= 252
|1930= 309
|1940= 229
|1950= 263
|1960= 255
|1970= 184
|1980= 196
|1990= 167
|2000= 209
|2010= 124
|2020= 101
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 57 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|459.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.4% from two or more races.

There were 57 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 28.1% of all households comprised individuals [be precise, what is meant by the term "individual"], and 12.3% had someone 65 or older living alone. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the town was 49.8 years. 19.4% of residents were under 18, 3.9% were between 18 and 24, 18.6% were 25 to 44, 39.6% were 45 to 64, and 18.5% were 65 or older. The town's gender makeup was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 209 people, 83 households, and 49 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|786.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.87% of the population.

There were 83 households, out of which 33.7% had children under 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 37.3% of all households comprised individuals, and 22.9% had someone who was 65 or older living alone. The average household size was 2.52, and the average family size was 3.46.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $36,071. Males had a median income of $29,375, versus $21,667 for females. The town's [[per capita income]] was $14,725. About 6.0% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.1% of those under eighteen and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

