==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 113
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 43 people, 12 households, and 9 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|294.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 12 households, out of which 58.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.58 and the average family size was 4.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 41.9% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 41.9% from 25 to 44, 11.6% from 45 to 64, and 2.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,534. 17.2% of the population and 16.7% of families were below the [[poverty line]].  None under the age of 18 or 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

