==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 235
|1920= 258
|1930= 222
|1940= 201
|1950= 189
|1960= 162
|1970= 140
|1980= 126
|1990= 103
|2000= 108
|2010= 85
|2020= 59
|estyear=2022
|estimate=60
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 23, 2014|df=mdy-all}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 85 people, 38 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|340.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 108 people, 44 households, and 30 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|417.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 44 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 2.8% from 18 to 24, 38.0% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $22,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,327. There were 10.8% of families and 11.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

