==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 607
|1970= 1015
|1980= 817
|1990= 749
|2000= 766
|2010= 744
|2020= 958
|estyear=2022
|estimate=952
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 9, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 9, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 744 people, 380 households, and 151 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|6200.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 414 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 71.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.9% of the population.

There were 380 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 17.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 60.3% were non-families. 47.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 42.7 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 35.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 766 people, 400 households, and 165 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|6,111.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 426 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,398.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 82.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.35% of the population.

There were 400 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 17.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 58.8% were non-families. 51.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 35.0% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,528, and the median income for a family was $32,875. Males had a median income of $28,295 versus $25,652 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,576.  About 17.7% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.9% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over. For those 85 and older (4.29%), they accounted for an average of income $6,693 and were 96.4% Caucasian, 1.5% African American, 0.4% Hispanic and 0.3% Indian.

