==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 156
|1900= 466
|1910= 650
|1920= 654
|1930= 569
|1940= 544
|1950= 875
|1960= 741
|1970= 677
|1980= 867
|1990= 667
|2000= 670
|2010= 920
|2020= 948
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 670 people, 241 households, and 161 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|580.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.73% of the population.

There were 241 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 21.0% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,969, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $28,661 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,870. About 17.3% of families and 20.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.6% of those under age 18 and 25.3% of those age 65 or over.

