==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1900= 731
|1910= 761
|1920= 830
|1930= 772
|1940= 907
|1950= 870
|1960= 815
|1970= 720
|1980= 641
|1990= 630
|2000= 555
|2010= 502
|2020= 421
|estyear=2024
|estimate=416
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 555 people, 251 households, and 167 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,091.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 267 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,006.0|/mi2|/km2}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.74% White, 0.72% African American, 0.18% Asian, and 0.36% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.18%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 251 households that were documented during the federal census, 22.7% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 51.4% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 29.5% of households were one-person households and 13.1% were one-person households with residents who were aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.72.

The age distribution was 16.9% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 7.4% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 27.4% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 26.7% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 21.6% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-four years.

For every one hundred females, there were 94.7 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 96.2 males.

The median household income was $30,000 and the median family income was $33,750. Males had a median income of $30,781 compared with that of $25,000 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $19,470.

Approximately 13.6% of families and 14.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

