==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 121
|1940= 100
|1950= 78
|1960= 74
|1970= 87
|1980= 109
|1990= 81
|2000= 102
|2010= 91
|2020= 69
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> there were 91 people, 40 households and 24 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|165.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 78.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 11.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.5% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 40.5 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.9% male and 45.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 102 people, 41 households and 27 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|211.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.92% of the population.

There were 41 households, of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.07.

28.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $22,500 and the median family income was $25,208. Males had a median income of $23,750 compared with $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,468. There were 4.0% of families and 15.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of under-18s and 9.5% of those over 64.

