==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 221
|1920= 293
|1930= 265
|1940= 268
|1950= 204
|1960= 138
|1970= 88
|1980= 84
|1990= 72
|2000= 64
|2010= 53
|2020= 36
|estyear=2021
|estimate=39
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 23, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 23, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 53 people, 29 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|212.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 29 households, of which 13.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the city was 58.8 years. 11.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 43.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 64 people, 33 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|262.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|159.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 33 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 12.5% from 45 to 64, and 45.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 127.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,958, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $16,875 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,741. There were 10.0% of families and 30.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 53.3% of under eighteens and 14.8% of those over 64.

