==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 112
|1890= 349
|1900= 692
|1910= 1101
|1920= 1284
|1930= 1115
|1940= 1343
|1950= 1879
|1960= 2038
|1970= 2109
|1980= 2023
|1990= 2176
|2000= 2279
|2010= 2162
|2020= 2023
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Cowpens racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4517260&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 10, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,436
|70.98%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|354
|17.5%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|10
|0.49%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|3
|0.15%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|96
|4.75%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|124
|6.13%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,023 people, 843 households, and 537 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,279 people, 922 households, and 639 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|979.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 991 housing units at an average density of {{convert|425.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.25% of the population.

There were 922 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.00.

Age distribution of the population: 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,815, and the median income for a family was $39,387. Males had a median income of $35,978 versus $22,778 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,847. About 15.6% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.4% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

