==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 242
|1930= 298
|1940= 312
|1950= 387
|1960= 331
|1970= 287
|1980= 350
|1990= 343
|2000= 368
|2010= 364
|2020= 331
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 364 people, 171 households, and 88 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|288.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 171 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.5% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 41 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 368 people, 165 households, and 92 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|288.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races.

There were 165 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families.  40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years.  For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,472, and the median income for a family was $36,250.  Males had a median income of $27,375 versus $24,375 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,583.  About 5.3% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

