==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 477
|1930= 215
|1940= 203
|1950= 195
|1960= 266
|1970= 227
|1980= 238
|1990= 166
|2000= 136
|2010= 96
|2020= 126
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 96 people, 52 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|139.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 52 households, of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them; 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.8% were non-families. 51.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 50 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 136 people, 56 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|198.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.47% of the population.

There were 56 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 86.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $33,438. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,027. There were no families and 5.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.7% of those over 64.

