==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 554
|1890= 597
|1900= 609
|1910= 630
|1920= 608
|1930= 525
|1940= 580
|1950= 574
|1960= 470
|1970= 482
|1980= 571
|1990= 439
|2000= 459
|2010= 563
|2020= 326
|estyear=2021
|estimate=327
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 563 people, 190 households, and 128 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|804.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 89.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.1% of the population.

There were 190 households, out of which 46.3% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.46.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 31.4% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 61.7% who were aged eighteen to sixty-four, and 6.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was twenty-nine years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $40,714, and the median income for a family was $38,594. Males had a median income of $30,417 compared with that of $22,063 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,588.

Approximately 13.5% of families and 22.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 37.2% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 15% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

