==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 140
|1920= 216
|1930= 185
|1940= 213
|1950= 189
|1960= 155
|1970= 154
|1980= 160
|1990= 101
|2000= 145
|2010= 111
|2020= 134
|estyear=2021
|estimate=139
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=March 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=March 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 111 people, 55 households, and 30 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|158.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 7.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 55 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.5% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.40.

The median age in the city was 47.3 years. 16.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 37.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 145 people, 57 households, and 38 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|208.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,500, and the median income for a family was $35,500. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,412. There were 15.2% of families and 18.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.6% of under eighteens and 17.9% of those over 64.

