==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1527
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the 2020 [[census]] and the 2022 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census: Point Lookout CDP, New York |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Point_Lookout_CDP,_New_York?g=160XX00US3658849 |access-date=August 8, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> the total population was 1,527 people and 556 estimated households. The population density was {{convert|5655.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 855 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3166.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.06% of the population.

Out of 556 households, 11.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.6% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 20.9% had a male householder with no spouse present. The average family size was 2.65.

The population was spread out, with 11.2% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 7.0% from 25 to 44, 33.6% from 45 to 64, and 36.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $104,386, and the median income for a family was $203,889. About 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], all between the ages of 18 and 64 years.

