==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 7277
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 7,277 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 2,880.84 people per square mile (1,112.25/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,853 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 66.1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 21.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 4.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 6.0% from two or more races. 3.2% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Northgate CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Northgate_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3956553 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=24 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 2,568 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 29.7% had a female householder with no spouse present. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38, and the average family size was 2.91.<ref name="2020 census"/>

21.3% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 56.0% were 18 to 64, and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.6. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $60,192, and the median income for a family was $77,500. About 12.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under age 18 and 17.3% of those age 65 or over. About 59.5% of the population were employed, and 18.4% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 8,016 people, 2,747 households, and 2,214 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|3,178.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,805 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,112.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 86.22% White, 10.37% African American, 0.09% Native American, 1.31% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 0.64% from other races, and 1.31% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.43%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 2,747 households 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.4% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 16.5% of households were one person and 7.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.21.

The age distribution was 27.4% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median household income was $52,872 and the median family income  was $60,000. Males had a median income of $38,558 versus $26,943 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $21,799. About 2.7% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.5% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

