==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 204
|1910= 235
|1920= 271
|1930= 284
|1940= 316
|1950= 283
|1960= 234
|1970= 194
|1980= 177
|1990= 155
|2000= 113
|2010= 135
|2020= 103
|estyear=2022
|estimate=104
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 23, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 135 people, 58 households, and 39 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|180.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 58 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 48.1 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 113 people, 55 households, and 34 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|149.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 55 households, out of which 14.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 12.4% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,905. There were 11.4% of families and 11.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and 6.8% of those over 64.

