==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 293
|1920= 225
|1930= 204
|1940= 255
|1950= 292
|1960= 297
|1970= 337
|1980= 300
|1990= 306
|2000= 298
|2010= 261
|2020= 268
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 261 people, 100 households, and 80 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1305.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.0% were non-families. Of all households 19.0% were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 43.9 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 298 people, 113 households, and 82 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,584.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|637.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 20.4% were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $27,750 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,615. About 12.5% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

