==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1990 = 100
| 2000 = 188
| 2010 = 174
| 2020 = 220
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Opdyke West, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Opdyke%20West%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 28, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 188 people, 74 households, and 46 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|791.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 14.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 32.98% of the population.

There were 74 households, out of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 26.1% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 13.8% from 45 to 64, and 2.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,667, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,261. About 13.2% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

