==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 178
| 1920 = 300
| 1930 = 366
| 1940 = 345
| 1950 = 313
| 1960 = 360
| 1970 = 442
| 1980 = 546
| 1990 = 528
| 2000 = 438
| 2010 = 386
| 2020 = 301
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 299
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 438 people, 186 households, and 135 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|307.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.52% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 5.48% from two or more races. 0.68% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 186 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,929, and the median income for a family was $33,036. Males had a median income of $26,125 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,809. About 11.9% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 30.7% of those age 65 or over.

