==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 214
|1890= 372
|1900= 458
|1910= 389
|1920= 333
|1930= 292
|1940= 314
|1950= 306
|1960= 310
|1970= 294
|1980= 314
|1990= 308
|2000= 284
|2010= 249
|2020= 224
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 249 people, 107 households, and 72 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|803.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 284 people, 106 households, and 76 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|923.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.11% of the population.

There were 106 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,313, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $38,333 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,603. About 10.6% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.9% of those 65 or over.

