==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 160
|1920= 176
|1930= 180
|1940= 203
|1950= 244
|1960= 240
|1970= 198
|1980= 284
|1990= 203
|2000= 281
|2010= 354
|2020= 349
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{cbignore}}<br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 354 people, 142 households, and 94 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|459.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|205.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 142 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 33.3 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 281 people, 111 households, and 71 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|364.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.07% from two or more races.

There were 111 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $35,714. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,847. About 13.5% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 25.0% of those 65 or over.

