==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 311
|1890= 544
|1900= 542
|1910= 542
|1920= 528
|1930= 495
|1940= 461
|1950= 423
|1960= 396
|1970= 430
|1980= 517
|1990= 435
|2000= 500
|2010= 497
|2020= 432
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 497 people, 197 households, and 136 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|662.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|294.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 197 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 37.1 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 500 people, 183 households, and 137 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|751.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.20% of the population.

There were 183 households, out of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,288, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $18,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,497. About 8.9% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 18.4% of those age 65 or over.

