==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 215
| 1990 = 315
| 2000 = 385
| 2010 = 458
| 2020 = 418
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 419
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2015 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 458 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 98.0% White, 0.2% from some other race and 0.4% from two or more races. 1.3% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 385 people, 137 households, and 110 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|71.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.09% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.34% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 8.57% from two or more races. 0.78% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 137 households, out of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $32,125. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,234. About 15.0% of families and 17.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

