==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 253
|1900= 241
|1910= 297
|1920= 334
|1930= 294
|1940= 342
|1950= 325
|1960= 396
|1970= 468
|1980= 641
|1990= 665
|2000= 738
|2010= 703
|2020= 702
|estyear=2023
|estimate=698
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=June 25, 2024|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 30, 2024}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 703 people, 291 households, and 216 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|330.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 315 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.4% of the population.

There were 291 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.8% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 39.7 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 738 people, 284 households, and 207 families living in the village.  The [[population density]] was 352.3 people per square mile (136.3/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 297 housing units at an average density of 54.9 persons/km<sup>2</sup> (141.8 persons/sq&nbsp;mi).  The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% White, and none are from two or more races.  None of the population is [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 284 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% have women whose husband does not live with women, and 26.8% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,103, and the median income for a family was $49,792. Males had a median income of $28,700 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,347.  4.4% of the population and 2.0% of families were below the poverty line.  Out of the total people living in poverty, 2.8% are under the age of 18 and 12.8% are 65 or older.

