==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 187
|1940= 159
|1950= 128
|1960= 123
|1970= 124
|1980= 109
|1990= 70
|2000= 82
|2010= 50
|2020= 39
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 50 people, 18 households, and 14 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|714.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|314.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 8.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.0% of the population.

There were 18 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 47.5 years. 12% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 44% were from 45 to 64; and 8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.0% male and 46.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 82 people, 29 households, and 22 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|331.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.66% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.7% were non-families. 13.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $49,375, and the median income for a family was $50,833. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,785. There were 10.0% of families and 20.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

