==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 247
|1930= 449
|1940= 630
|1950= 866
|1960= 1057
|1970= 1435
|1980= 1374
|1990= 1285
|2000= 1219
|2010= 1198
|2020= 904
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Krotz Springs racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2240280&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 827
| 91.48%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 7
| 0.77%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.55%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 37
| 4.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 27
| 2.99%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 904 people, 373 households, and 242 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,198 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% White, 0.2% Black, 0.3% Native American, 0.4% Asian and 0.3% from two or more races. 1.5% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,219 people, 490 households, and 339 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|705.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 562 housing units at an average density of {{convert|325.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 490 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,823, and the median income for a family was $31,842. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,914. About 17.5% of families and 22.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of those under age 18 and 18.3% of those age 65 or over.

As of 2010, 77.39% of the population identified themselves as belonging to a faith community; of these 86.5% were [[Catholic Church|Catholic]], 9.4% were [[Southern Baptist]] and 2.4% were [[Churches of Christ]].<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Krotz-Springs-Louisiana.html|title=Krotz Springs, Louisiana (LA 70750, 71353) profile: population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving, houses, news, sex offenders|website=www.city-data.com}}</ref>

According to the [[American Community Survey]] of 2010–2014, 82.2% of residents identify as having either [[French Americans|French]] or [[French Canadians|French Canadian]] ancestry.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Louisiana French as First Ancestry Population Percentage City Rank Based on ACS 2010-2014 data|url=http://www.usa.com/rank/louisiana-state--french-as-first-ancestry-population-percentage--city-rank.htm?yr=9000&dis=&wist=&plow=&phigh=|access-date=March 12, 2021|website=www.usa.com}}</ref>

