==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 57
|1980= 94
|1990= 33
|2000= 28
|2010= 15
|2020= 12
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Evansville first appeared on the 1970 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. In 1980, it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 28 people, 12 households, and 6 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 46.43% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 50.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 3.57% from two or more races.

There were 12 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 14.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $53,750, and the median income for a family was $54,583. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,746. There were no families and 4.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

