==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 379
|1900= 668
|1910= 1499
|1920= 1637
|1930= 1709
|1940= 1665
|1950= 1774
|1960= 1650
|1970= 1742
|1980= 2112
|1990= 1775
|2000= 1979
|2010= 1856
|2020= 1798
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1767
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 19, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Oakes racial composition
! Race
! Number
! Percent
|-
| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
| 1,650
| 91.77%
|-
| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
| 6
| 0.33%
|-
| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.33%
|-
| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 12
| 0.67%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 0
| 0.0%
|-
| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 124
| 6.9%
|-
| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 119
| 6.62%
|}

As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 1,798 people, 849 households, and 510 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1152.56|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 875 housing units at an average density of 580.9 units per square mile (216.56/km<sup>2</sup>).

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,856 people, 807 households, and 476 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1131.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 912 housing units at an average density of {{convert|556.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 807 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 45.7 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,979 people, 828 households, and 495 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,203.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 908 housing units at an average density of {{convert|552.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.58% of the population.

There were 828 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,263, and the median income for a family was $39,625. Males had a median income of $29,135 versus $15,611 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,138. About 6.3% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

