==Demographics==
{{clear|left}}
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 908
|1900= 775
|1910= 460
|1920= 272
|1930= 126
|1940= 139
|1950= 136
|1960= 86
|1970= 164
|1980= 140
|1990= 134
|2000= 203
|2010= 170
|2020= 207
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 203 people, 93 households, and 47 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|820.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|541.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.36% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.4% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 33.5% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 2.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 129.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,208, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $23,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,880. About 18.3% of families and 25.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.-->
{{clear}}

