==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 539
|1920= 490
|1930= 350
|1940= 297
|1950= 229
|1960= 168
|1970= 125
|1980= 110
|1990= 70
|2000= 53
|2010= 45
|2020= 36
|estyear=2021
|estimate=40
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=June 27, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 27, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 45 people, 21 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|102.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|59.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.3% were from 25 to 44; 51.2% were from 45 to 64; and 6.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 53 people, 24 households, and 15 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|120.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 24 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,938, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $50,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,276. There were no families and 5.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

