==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 645
|2010= 676
|2020= 692
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 645 people, 239 households, and 185 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 90.6 people per square mile (35.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 257 housing units at an average density of 36.1/sq&nbsp;mi (13.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 239 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $67,386, and the median income for a family was $72,750. Males had a median income of $45,764 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,857. About 4.9% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.4% of those under age 18 and 35.7% of those age 65 or over.

Brady today has a grocery store with a filling station, a Grange Hall, and a fire station. It has no church and has never had a post office.

