==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 357
|1910= 345
|1920= 348
|1930= 348
|1940= 340
|1950= 308
|1960= 339
|1970= 391
|1980= 327
|1990= 294
|2000= 285
|2010= 265
|2020= 236
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 265 people, 102 households, and 70 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|344.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.0% of the population.

There were 102 households, of which 43.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.4% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the village was 36.2 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 285 people, 113 households, and 77 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|369.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.96% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,344, and the median income for a family was $47,679. Males had a median income of $37,188 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,087. About 2.5% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

