==Demographics==
{{refimprove|section|date=September 2023}}
{{US Census population
|1890= 705
|1950= 412
|1960= 424
|1970= 394
|1980= 456
|1990= 495
|2000= 621
|2010= 610
|2020= 734
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 25, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 610 people, 208 households, and 153 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1452.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|519.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 208 households, of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.4% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.37.

The median age in the town was 34.9 years. 43.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]], there were 621 people, 200 households, and 158 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,527.9 people per square mile (584.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 210 housing units at an average density of 516.7 per square mile (197.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.93% of the population.

There were 200 households, out of which 48.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.11 and the average family size was 3.56.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.9% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,250. Males had a median income of $38,583 versus $24,821 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,135. About 1.4% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

