==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 317
|1880= 517
|1890= 517
|1900= 589
|1910= 592
|1920= 688
|1930= 613
|1940= 677
|1950= 533
|1960= 616
|1970= 659
|1980= 639
|1990= 784
|2000= 981
|2010= 987
|2020= 949
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1008
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 9, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 9, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 987 people, 388 households, and 255 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|967.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 424 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 388 households, of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 37.8 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 981 people, 363 households, and 258 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,130.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 374 housing units at an average density of {{convert|431.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.15% of the population.

There were 363 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,538, and the median income for a family was $41,382. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $24,808 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,762. About 7.7% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

