==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
| 2000 = 65
| 2010 = 80
| 2020 = 60
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 65 people, 31 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|344.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.08% of the population.

There were 31 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the city the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 130.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $51,250 versus $14,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $31,309. There were 11.5% of families and 8.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

