==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 92
|1920= 165
|1930= 289
|1940= 330
|1950= 575
|1960= 509
|1970= 570
|1980= 935
|1990= 876
|2000= 1109
|2010= 1337
|2020= 1473
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Pinebluff racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3751840&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,071
| 72.71%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 211
| 14.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 15
| 1.02%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 25
| 1.7%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 61
| 4.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 88
| 5.97%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,473 people, 663 households, and 464 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,109 people, 449 households, and 315 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|464.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 481 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.17% of the population.

There were 449 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,536, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $30,813 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,786. About 8.7% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.

