==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 154
|1890= 646
|1900= 660
|1910= 718
|1920= 883
|1930= 825
|1940= 836
|1950= 1063
|1960= 1083
|1970= 1388
|1980= 1531
|1990= 1525
|2000= 1759
|2010= 1833
|2020= 1878
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 22, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|access-date=June 22, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archive-date=April 26, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,833 people, 654 households, and 471 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2106.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 698 housing units at an average density of {{convert|802.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 75.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 21.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 32.4% of the population.

There were 654 households, of which 40.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the city was 34.1 years. 31.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,759 people, 641 households, and 464 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,096.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 668 housing units at an average density of {{convert|796.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 85.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 12.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.98% of the population.

There were 641 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $34,955, and the median income for a family was $42,688. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $19,297 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,013. About 4.7% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

