==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 100
|1900= 173
|1910= 220
|1920= 221
|1930= 250
|1940= 254
|1950= 264
|1960= 210
|1970= 248
|1980= 315
|1990= 282
|2000= 293
|2010= 292
|2020= 205
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 292 people, 106 households, and 83 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|941.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|403.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.7% from two or more races.

There were 106 households, of which 45.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.7% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 35 years. 31.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 293 people, 117 households, and 80 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,093.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|473.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.05% from two or more races.

There were 117 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $39,464. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $20,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,905. About 11.4% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.3% of those 65 or over.

