==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 574
|1890= 452
|1900= 554
|1910= 478
|1920= 422
|1930= 427
|1940= 783
|1950= 1011
|1960= 1086
|1970= 1111
|1980= 1821
|1990= 1550
|2000= 2068
|2010= 2375
|2020= 2193
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 2,068 people, 857 households, and 495 families residing in the town.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The [[population density]] was 793.6 people per square mile (305.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 946 housing units at an average density of 363.0 per square mile (139.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 54.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 857 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.2% were non-families. Of all households, 35.8% were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,688, and the median income for a family was $41,579. Males had a median income of $28,409 versus $20,431 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,862. About 10.6% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

