==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 190
| 1930 = 238
| 1940 = 309
| 1950 = 429
| 1960 = 520
| 1970 = 483
| 1980 = 564
| 1990 = 675
| 2000 = 886
| 2010 = 876
| 2020 = 1148
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 876 people, 457 households and 217 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|339.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,335 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] residents of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 457 households, of which 11.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.5% were non-families. 47.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the village was 62.7 years. 10.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 46.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 42.9% male and 57.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 886 people, 446 households and 224 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 341.9 per square mile (132.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 945 housing units at an average density of 364.7 per square mile (140.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 446 households, of which 11.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.6% were non-families. 46.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.45.

10.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 13.4% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 46.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 61 years. For every 100 females, there were 73.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $33,224 and the median family income was $50,893. Males had a median income of $28,571 compared with $23,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $25,029. About 1.4% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

