==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 62
|1970= 100
|1980= 109
|1990= 95
|2000= 36
|2010= 87
|2020= 71
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 87 people, 35 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|280.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 35 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 94.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 5.7% were non-families. 5.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.55.

The median age in the city was 54.8 years. 17.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 32.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 36 people, 13 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|44.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 100.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 0.0% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.1% under the age of 18, 13.9% from 18 to 24, 5.6% from 25 to 44, 52.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $166,528, and the median income for a family was $166,528. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $118,946. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

