==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 1042
|1960= 5280
|1970= 7370
|1980= 7912
|1990= 8567
|2000= 7985
|2010= 8006
|2020= 8300
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="QF2020">{{cite web|title=QuickFacts: Brookhaven borough, Pennsylvania|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/brookhavenboroughpennsylvania/PST045219|accessdate=2021-10-08}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
{{update|section|date=October 2021|reason=There is newer information available from the 2020 Census reports}}

As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 92.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population [http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7,985 people, 3,476 households, and 2,200 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,705.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,595 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,118.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 3,486 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $67,348,<ref name="datausa.io">{{Cite web|title=Brookhaven, PA {{!}} Data USA|url=https://datausa.io/profile/geo/brookhaven-pa/|access-date=2020-07-03|website=datausa.io}}</ref> and the median income for a family was $58,271. Males had a median income of $40,158 versus $32,155 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,706 (compared with $21,587 nationally). About 1.6% of families and 4.28%<ref name="datausa.io"/> of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.

