==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 500
|1880= 472
|1970= 219
|1980= 207
|1990= 139
|2000= 140
|2010= 115
|2020= 89
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|website=Census.gov|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

Lowndesboro (also spelled as Lowndesborough in the 19th century) appeared on the 1850 and 1880 U.S. Census records (and acknowledged in the 1890 records, but not separately returned). It did not appear again until 1970. In 1880, it was the largest town in the county with 472 residents, ahead of Fort Deposit (350) and White Hall (168), the only two other communities separately returned.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 140 people, 58 households, and 40 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|176.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.43% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 25.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.14% from two or more races. 3.57% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 58 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $41,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,101. There were 16.0% of families and 29.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 39.4% of under eighteens and 38.6% of those over 64.

