==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1509
|1880= 1428
|1890= 1570
|1900= 1637
|1910= 1525
|1920= 1670
|1930= 1762
|1940= 2008
|1950= 2347
|1960= 2608
|1970= 2510
|1980= 2662
|1990= 2706
|2000= 3047
|2010= 3231
|2020= 3286
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5508850">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Boscobel city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5508850&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=29 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 3,286. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,022.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.2% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 3.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

The 2020 census population of Boscobel included 458 incarcerated people at the [[Wisconsin Secure Program Facility]].<ref name="2020-P5">{{cite web|title=2020 Table P5: Boscobel city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5508850&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P5 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=29 July 2022}}</ref> This likely impacts the city's demographic and racial profile given that Wisconsin has the nation's highest racial incarceration gap and imprisons Black residents at twelve times the rate of white residents.<ref>{{cite news |last1=Wojcik |first1=Marisa |title=Prison Gerrymandering Effects in Wisconsin |url=https://pbswisconsin.org/news-item/noon-wednesday-prison-gerrymandering-effects-in-wisconsin/ |access-date=29 July 2022 |work=PBS Wisconsin |date=20 Oct 2021}}</ref><ref>{{cite news |last1=Amari |first1=Clare |title=Wisconsin imprisons 1 in 36 Black adults. No state has a higher rate. |url=https://www.wpr.org/wisconsin-imprisons-1-36-black-adults-no-state-has-higher-rate |access-date=29 July 2022 |work=Wisconsin Public Radio |agency=Wisconsin Watch |date=16 October 2021 |language=en}}</ref><ref>{{cite news |last1=Haverty |first1=Natasha |title=By counting prisoners where they're incarcerated, Wisconsin shifts voter clout from cities to small towns |url=https://www.jsonline.com/in-depth/news/2021/10/15/when-new-political-districts-drawn-power-skewed-areas-prisons-through-prison-gerrymandering/5950103001/ |access-date=29 July 2022 |work=Milwaukee Journal Sentinel |date=15 Oct 2021 |language=en}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 3,231 people, 1,195 households, and 727 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1077.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,307 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 90.1% White, 8.3% African American, 0.6% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, and 0.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref>

Of the 1,195 households 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were married couples living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.2% were non-families. 32.8% of households were one person and 13.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age was 38.1 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 14% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.6% male and 45.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 3,047 people, 1,174 households, and 752 families living in the city. The population density was 1,068.6 people per square mile (412.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 1,266 housing units at an average density of 444.0 per square mile (171.5/km{{sup|2}}).  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 94.78% White, 3.74% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.20% from other races, and 0.92% from two or more races. 1.18% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>
Of the 1,174 households 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were married couples living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 30.2% of households were one person and 16.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.96.

The age distribution was 24.8% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median household income was $32,698 and the median family income was $37,527. Males had a median income of $24,806 versus $19,617 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,432. About 6.0% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.

