==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 410
|1940= 404
|1950= 387
|1960= 321
|1970= 235
|1980= 336
|1990= 343
|2000= 350
|2010= 323
|2020= 348
|estyear=2023
|estimate=349
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=July 13, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 13, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Buxton, North Dakota – Racial Composition'''<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Buxton city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Buxton%20city,%20North%20Dakota&t=Race%20and%20Ethnicity&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2}}</ref><br>(NH = Non-Hispanic)<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|329
|94.5%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|2
|0.6%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|4
|1.1%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Some Other Race]] (NH)
|0
|0.0%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|9
|2.6%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|4
|1.1%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''348'''
|'''100.0%'''
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 348 people, 132 households, and 97 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Buxton%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=July 13, 2024 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|1735.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{convert|713.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|some other races]] and 2.9% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Buxton city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/buxton-city-north-dakota/160-3811340/ |access-date=July 13, 2024 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref> 22.0% of residents were under the age of 18, 7.8% were under 5 years of age, and 14.3% were 65 and older.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 323 people, 136 households, and 91 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1615.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|720.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 136 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 350 people, 133 households, and 96 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1735.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|699.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.71% of the population.

There were 133 households, out of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,694, and the median income for a family was $48,333. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $22,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,232. None of the families and 2.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.8% of those over 64.

