==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 123
|1980= 92
|1990= 71
|2000= 75
|2010= 89
|2020= 79
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Millard is part of the [[Kirksville, Missouri|Kirksville]] [[Kirksville micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 89 people, 40 households, and 27 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|741.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|375.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the village was 51.5 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 40.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 75 people, 34 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|606.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,833, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $19,375 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,458. There were 10.0% of families and 18.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 36.4% of those over 64.

