==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 567
|1890= 624
|1900= 848
|1910= 950
|1920= 783
|1930= 835
|1940= 1024
|1950= 1265
|1960= 1151
|1970= 1380
|1980= 998
|1990= 1110
|2000= 569
|2010= 865
|2020= 648
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 865 people, 225 households, and 99 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1632.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|537.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 225 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 56.0% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 21.4 years. 11.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 56.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.6% were from 25 to 44; 14.2% were from 45 to 64; and 4.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 569 people, 246 households, and 132 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,060.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|540.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.99% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.3% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age of the population was 29 years.  23.7% of the people were under the age of 18; 22.3% were between 18 and 24 years old; 23.6% were aged 25 through 44; 17.8% were 45 to 64 years old; and 12.7% were 65 or older.  In the total population, there were 103.9 males for every 100 females; among those aged 18 and over, there were 107.7 males for every 100 females.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $27,216, and the median income for a family was $39,875. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,637. About 16.0% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

