==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
|1900= 297
|1910= 316
|1920= 292
|1930= 300
|1940= 346
|1950= 383
|1960= 433
|1970= 547
|1980= 598
|1990= 684
|2000= 670
|2010= 597
|2020= 635
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 670 people, 283 households, and 187 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 454.9 people per square mile (176.0/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 295 housing units at an average density of 200.3/sq&nbsp;mi (77.5/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 97.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 283 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,865, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $30,192 versus $16,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,435.  About 5.2% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

