==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 310
|1880= 398
|1890= 367
|1900= 294
|1910= 366
|1920= 444
|1930= 459
|1940= 439
|1950= 433
|1960= 407
|1970= 446
|1980= 494
|1990= 476
|2000= 451
|2010= 451
|2020= 405
|estyear=2021
|estimate=411
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 451 people, 173 households, and 129 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|605.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, with 173 occupied and 21 vacant.  Of the occupied units, 113 were owner-occupied, or 66.1% of the total population.  The racial makeup of the borough was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% African American, 0.22% Asian, 0.22% American Indian and Alaska Native, and 0.22% listed as "other".  There were no individuals of Hispanic descent in the borough.

There were 173 households, out of which 41% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 19, 5.8% from 20 to 24, 14.4% from 25 to 34, 18.2% from 35 to 49, 17.9% from 50 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. Males comprised 46.3% of the population and females comprised 53.7% of the population.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,625, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $12,048. About 15.5% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

