==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 102
|1920= 176
|1930= 143
|1940= 151
|1950= 130
|1960= 101
|1970= 95
|1980= 83
|1990= 60
|2000= 47
|2010= 34
|2020= 26
|estyear=2022
|estimate=28
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 5, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 5, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 34 people, 18 households, and 10 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|94.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 18 households, of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.10.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 8.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 47 people, 23 households, and 14 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|128.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 23 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.47.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.0% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 147.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $23,250. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,920. There were 15.8% of families and 15.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

