==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 267
|1900= 432
|1910= 438
|1920= 473
|1930= 490
|1940= 450
|1950= 362
|1960= 260
|1970= 232
|1980= 223
|1990= 157
|2000= 197
|2010= 191
|2020= 135
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 191 people, 90 households, and 49 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|658.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 90 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.6% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 32.8 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 197 people, 93 households, and 47 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|674.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 93 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.4% were non-families. 43.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 14.2% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 118.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,281, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,467. About 2.2% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.3% of those 65 or over.

