==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 297
|1900= 322
|1910= 299
|1920= 262
|1930= 298
|1940= 384
|1950= 382
|1960= 325
|1970= 307
|1980= 272
|1990= 283
|2000= 314
|2010= 310
|2020= 215
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 314 people, 137 households, and 86 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|308.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.2% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,250, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,041. About 19.5% of families and 31.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of those under age 18 and 32.0% of those age 65 or over.

