==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1840= 200
|1850= 349
|1860= 320
|1870= 303
|1880= 269
|1890= 296
|1900= 420
|1910= 414
|1920= 415
|1930= 450
|1940= 425
|1950= 464
|1960= 452
|1970= 588
|1980= 489
|1990= 468
|2000= 485
|2010= 517
|2020= 483
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 490
|estref= <ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> there were 517 people, 182 households and 144 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2068.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|812.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 182 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.9% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age was 34.9 years. 30.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 485 people, 29 households and 22 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|523.1|/sqmi}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.6|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 24.1% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.45.

34.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 15.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 107.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $29,688 and the median family income was $41,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 and females $0. The [[per capita income]] was $16,235. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

