==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 119
|1920= 198
|1930= 130
|1940= 146
|1950= 148
|1960= 147
|1970= 111
|1980= 123
|1990= 112
|2000= 90
|2010= 94
|2020= 79
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 94 people, 39 households, and 25 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|940.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|510.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.4% of the population.

There were 39 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 49.5 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.3% male and 45.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 90 people, 43 households, and 23 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|840.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|457.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.89% of the population.

There were 43 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 44.2% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $24,643, and the median income for a family was $31,500. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,277. There were 6.7% of families and 6.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under 18 and 20.7% of those over 64.

