==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 451
|1940= 495
|1950= 286
|1960= 247
|1970= 170
|1980= 183
|1990= 153
|2000= 137
|2010= 140
|2020= 112
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 137 people, 58 households, and 40 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|600.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|346.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.46% of the population.

There were 58 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,750, and the median income for a family was $25,625. Males had a median income of $17,917 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,876. There were 9.1% of families and 14.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of under eighteens and 3.2% of those over 64.-->{{clear left}}

