==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 175
|1920= 200
|1930= 182
|1940= 226
|1950= 279
|1960= 239
|1970= 221
|1980= 248
|1990= 234
|2000= 258
|2010= 253
|2020= 215
|estyear=2021
|estimate=215
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 215 people, 135 households, and 117 housing units in the city.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Dalton city, Minnesota |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Dalton_city,_Minnesota?g=160XX00US2714626#populations-and-people |access-date=April 7, 2025 |website=United States Census Bureau}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 253 people, 115 households, and 69 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|578.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 115 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 36.8 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 258 people, 115 households, and 60 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,077.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|496.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 115 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.0% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 12.4% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 15.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,750, and the median income for a family was $35,536. Males had a median income of $23,958 versus $20,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,990.  About 3.0% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.1% of those 65 or over.

