==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 1277
|1920= 705
|1930= 423
|1940= 278
|1950= 244
|1960= 212
|1970= 233
|1980= 199
|1990= 142
|2000= 144
|2010= 120
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 120 people, 48 households, and 33 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|235.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|145.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the town was 46.5 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 144 people, 59 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|286.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.69% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,917, and the median income for a family was $18,906. Males had a median income of $17,813 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,970. There were 23.1% of families and 28.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 31.0% of under eighteens and 32.3% of those over 64.

