==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 169
|1910= 311
|1920= 338
|1930= 364
|1940= 333
|1950= 340
|1960= 247
|1970= 204
|1980= 194
|1990= 172
|2000= 140
|2010= 105
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 105 people, 47 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|338.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.6% of the population.

There were 47 households, of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.9% were non-families. A single person aged 65 or older lived alone in 25.5% of all homes, which made up 44.7% of all households overall. There were 2.23 people per home and 3.17 people per family on average.

The median age in the town was 44.3 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 140 people, 62 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|443.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 62 households, out of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,500, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $33,438 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,624. There were 7.1% of families and 12.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 32.3% of under eighteens and 8.1% of those over 64.

