==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 87
|1970= 73
|1980= 43
|1990= 28
|2000= 13
|2010= 9
|2020= 7
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 9 people, 6 households, and 2 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|90.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 6 households, of which 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 66.7% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the town was 68.3 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 44.4% were from 45 to 64; and 55.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.4% male and 55.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 13 people, 10 households, and 3 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|120.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 10 households, out of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 20.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 70.0% were non-families. 70.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 50.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.30 and the average family size was 2.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 7.7% under the age of 18, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 38.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 62.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $3,750, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,057. There were no families and 71.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

