==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 343
|1920= 305
|1930= 316
|1940= 368
|1950= 459
|1960= 552
|1970= 750
|1980= 762
|1990= 775
|2000= 815
|2010= 774
|2020= 840
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=February 15, 2023}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 774 people, 335 households, and 221 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1121.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 388 housing units at an average density of {{convert|562.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 335 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 40.6 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 815 people, 351 households, and 226 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,360.5 people per square mile (524.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 375 housing units at an average density of 626.0 per square mile (241.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.12% of the population.

There were 351 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $39,250. Males had a median income of $30,972 versus $21,319 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,634. About 4.4% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.

