==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 258
| 1950 = 263
| 1960 = 241
| 1970 = 208
| 1980 = 161
| 1990 = 55
| 2000 = 126
| 2010 = 84
| 2020 = 53
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 51
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=May 12, 2017|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 84 people, 37 households, and 25 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|347.5|/km2|/mi2|abbr=on}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.9|/km2|/mi2|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 44.0% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 56.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 37 households, out of which 10.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 31.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $24,643. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,096. There were 16.2% of families and 21.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.3% of under eighteens and 26.7% of those over 64.

