==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 249
|1930= 261
|1940= 237
|1950= 196
|1960= 276
|1970= 216
|1980= 168
|1990= 174
|2000= 211
|2010= 221
|2020= 210
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Paxico is part of the [[Topeka, Kansas metropolitan area|Topeka Metropolitan Statistical Area]].
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 210 people, 81 households, and 55 families in Paxico.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 1,448.3 per square mile (559.2/km{{sup|2}}). The 89 housing units had an average density of 613.8/sq mi (237.0/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] was 86.67% White or [[European American]], (84.76% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic White]]), 0.48% Black or African American, 2.86% from other races, and 10.0% [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Hispanics or Latinos of any race was 8.57% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 81 households, 37.0% had children under 18, 50.6% were married couples living together, and 25.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present; 23.5% of households were individuals and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.5 and the average family size was 3.3.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percentage of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 21.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

The city's age distribution was 25.2% under 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 or older. The median age was 40.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females 18 and older, there were 109.3 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 five-year [[American Community Survey]] estimated that the median household income was $35,000 (with a margin of error of +/- $11,935) and the median family income was $46,667 (+/- $30,062).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Females had a median income of $20,278 (+/- $9,260). The median income for those above 16 years old was $25,469 (+/- $2,629).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> About 3.2% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.3% of those under  18 and 3.5% of those 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Paxico%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref>  221 people, 85 households, and 58 families resided in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1578.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The 93 housing units had an average density of {{convert|664.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.0% White, 1.8% African American, 0.5% Native American, and 6.8% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 5.4% of the population.

Of the 85 households, 35.3% had children under 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.8% were not families. About 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 36.3 years; 28.5% of residents were under 18, 6.3% were between 18 and 24, 26.3% were from 25 to 44, 25.7% were from 45 to 64, and 13.1% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

