==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 47
|1980= 50
|1990= 79
|2000= 173
|2010= 176
|2020= 207
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Clam Gulch first appeared as an unincorporated village on the 1970 U.S. Census. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980. 
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 173 people, 67 households, and 42 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|12.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.49% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.89% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.16% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 3.47% from two or more races.

There were 67 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65–84 years of age. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males. For every 100 females age 16 and over, there were 103.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $27,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,983. About 7.0% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

In 2017, the famous Alaskan author, Matt Snader, moved to Clam Gulch. Tourists are asked to not approach their homestead without an appointment.

