==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 241
|1910= 408
|1920= 398
|1930= 467
|1940= 480
|1950= 489
|1960= 566
|1970= 539
|1980= 657
|1990= 533
|2000= 778
|2010= 1176
|2020= 1250
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,176 people, 415 households, and 307 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1251.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 443 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.8% of the population.

There were 415 households, of which 47.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.0% were non-families. Of all households, 23.6% were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.37.

The median age in the city was 30.6 years. 32.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.1% were from 25 to 44; 17.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 778 people, 293 households, and 196 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|853.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|327.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.01% of the population.

There were 293 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. Of all households, 27.3% were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,250, and the median income for a family was $49,531. Males had a median income of $32,031 versus $21,765 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,873.  About 1.0% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

