==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 606
|1950= 969
|1960= 1314
|1970= 1538
|1980= 1723
|1990= 1632
|2000= 1559
|2010= 1560
|2020= 1476
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1462
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,560 people, 684 households, and 449 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1418.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 765 housing units at an average density of {{convert|695.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 684 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the town was 42.4 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,559 people, 671 households, and 462 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,432.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 728 housing units at an average density of {{convert|668.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 671 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,008, and the median income for a family was $36,719. Males had a median income of $40,556 versus $17,273 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,339. About 10.6% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

