==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 254
|1900= 645
|1910= 603
|1920= 755
|1930= 731
|1940= 948
|1950= 1004
|1960= 980
|1970= 850
|1980= 832
|1990= 738
|2000= 719
|2010= 802
|2020= 854
|estyear=2021
|estimate=860
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 9, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 802 people, 364 households, and 181 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|240.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 438 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 364 households, of which 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.3% were non-families. 47.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 50.1 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 32.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 719 people, 366 households, and 181 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|232.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 406 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 1.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 366 households, out of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.5% were non-families. 48.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 33.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,944, and the median income for a family was $31,932. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $20,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,450.  Below the [[poverty line]] were 19.0% of people, 8.1% of families, 19.7% of those under 18 and 27.0% of those over 64.

