==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 328
|1890= 304
|1900= 334
|1910= 237
|1920= 194
|1930= 198
|1940= 207
|1950= 329
|1960= 366
|1970= 314
|1980= 367
|1990= 294
|2000= 405
|2010= 261
|2020= 281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 261 people, 96 households, and 68 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|401.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 96 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.2% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 37.3 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.1% male and 47.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 405 people, 142 households, and 115 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|549.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 142 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,857, and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,240.  About 10.4% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.1% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

