==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 439
|1990= 445
|2000= 479
|2010= 1505
|2020= 1367
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1737
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-37.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Navassa racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3746060&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 381
| 27.87%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 788
| 57.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 4
| 0.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 49
| 3.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 139
| 10.17%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,367 people, 704 households, and 385 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,505 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 27.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 63.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 177 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,607, and the median income for a family was $35,179. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $18,529 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,328. About 24.8% of families and 27.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.6% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

