==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 122
|1900= 362
|1910= 366
|1920= 294
|1930= 288
|1940= 300
|1950= 283
|1960= 265
|1970= 191
|1980= 191
|1990= 94
|2000= 107
|2010= 112
|2020= 76
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 112 people, 54 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|466.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|308.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.4% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 14.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.1% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.64.

The median age in the city was 48 years. 15.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 26.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 107 people, 56 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|422.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.61% of the population.

There were 56 households, out of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 41.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 12.1% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 10.3% from 25 to 44, 34.6% from 45 to 64, and 34.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $52,188. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $11,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,082. There were 8.0% of families and 9.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of under eighteens and 9.8% of those over 64.

