==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 138
|1930= 125
|1940= 160
|1950= 156
|1960= 153
|1970= 149
|1980= 223
|1990= 133
|2000= 109
|2010= 108
|2020= 95
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 109 people, 45 households, and 30 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|294.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.92% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 45 households, of which 48.9% had children under 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 31.1% of all households comprised individuals, and 28.9% had someone who was 65 or older living alone. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.90.

The village's population was spread out, with 33.0% under 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 35.8% from 25 to 44, 11.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 67.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 58.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,025. There were no families, and 3.9% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], including those under eighteens and 26.7% over 64.

