==Demographics==
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 212 people, 94 households, and 41 families in Watch Hill. The population density was {{convert|264.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|491.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Watch%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20dp1 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 97.17% (206) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (96.23% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.83% (6) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Watch%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 1.42% (3) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Watch%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 94 households, 10.6% had children under the age of 18; 56.4% were married couples living together; 23.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. Of households, 31.9% consisted of individuals and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.7 and the average family size was 2.8.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Watch%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 25.5% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Watch%20Hill%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the population, 10.4% was under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 13.2% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 36.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56.7 years. For every 100 females, the population had 118.6 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 123.5 males.<ref name=:0 />

