==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 265
|1900= 299
|1910= 1462
|1920= 1016
|1930= 839
|1940= 707
|1950= 482
|1960= 490
|1970= 475
|1980= 564
|1990= 456
|2000= 485
|2010= 414
|2020= 354
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 354 people, 140 households, and 84 families in Altoona.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansasp16&y=2020 |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009050714/https://data.census.gov/table?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansasp16&y=2020 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=":0" /> The population density was 662.9 per square mile (256.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 182 housing units at an average density of 340.8 per square mile (131.6/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009050758/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230811052610/https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |archive-date=August 11, 2023 |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> The racial makeup was 89.83% (318) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (89.83% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.28% (1) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 1.13% (4) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.28% (1) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.28% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.28% (1) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.91% (28) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009050650/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 1.13% (4) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 140 households, 30.0% had children under the age of 18; 44.3% were married couples living together; 28.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.0% of households consisted of individuals and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=":0" /> The average household size was 2.1 and the average family size was 2.8.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: Households and Families |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 5.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: Educational Attainment |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

26.8% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males.<ref name=":0" /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 103.9 males.<ref name=":0" />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $24,688 (with a margin of error of +/- $6,901) and the median family income was $37,500 (+/- $16,516).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: Median Income in the Past 12 Months (in 2020 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240103000520/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Altoona%20city%2C%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |archive-date=January 3, 2024 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $18,889 (+/- $7,179).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: Earnings in the Past 12 Months (in 2020 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009050759/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 28.4% of families and 29.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.5% of those under the age of 18 and 15.1% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: Poverty Status in the Past 12 Months |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: Poverty Status in the Past 12 Months of Families |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20241009051303/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Altoona%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |archive-date=October 9, 2024 |access-date=December 31, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/ |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |access-date=July 6, 2012 |website=Census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2010, there were 414 people, 165 households, and 111 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|752.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|352.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 165 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 37.6 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/ |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 485 people, 201 households, and 133 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|891.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|426.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 201 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,906, and the median income for a family was $30,375. Males had a median income of $28,523 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,534. About 9.9% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.2% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

