==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 357
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 288 people, 90 households, and 63 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|103.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 95.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.12% of the population.

There were 90 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.20 and the average family size was 3.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,569. About 36.2% of families and 33.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 50.0% of those 65 or over.

