==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 72
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 62 people, 37 households, and 19 families residing in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (95.2% [[non-Hispanic White]]) 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.6% from two or more races ([[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]). [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2017-06-26}}</ref>

There were 37 households, of which 0.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.6% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.68 and the average family size was 2.21.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>

The median age in the city was 64.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 4.8% were from 25 to 44; 45.2% were from 45 to 64; and 50.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>

