==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 574
|1920= 687
|1930= 526
|1940= 491
|1950= 463
|1960= 459
|1970= 366
|1980= 455
|1990= 477
|2000= 560
|2010= 655
|2020= 762
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 655 people, 229 households, and 169 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|779.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 250 housing units at an average density of {{convert|297.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 229 households, of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.2% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.41.

The median age in the town was 36.9 years. 31.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 560 people, 200 households and 160 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 796.5 per square mile (308.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 223 housing units at an average density of 317.2 per square mile (123.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.39% of the population.

There were 200 households, of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the city the population was spread out, with 31.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $39,722. Males had a median income of $31,848 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,964. About 3.8% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

