==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 118
|1980= 127
|1990= 119
|2000= 94
|2010= 77
|2020= 67
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 94 people, 38 households, and 28 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|165.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.87% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.06% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 1.06% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]].

There were 38 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $32,292 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,467. There were 15.4% of families and 9.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

