==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1910= 338
|1920= 404
|1930= 345
|1940= 355
|1950= 411
|1960= 360
|1970= 284
|1980= 303
|1990= 248
|2000= 203
|2010= 127
|2020= 127
|estyear=2022
|estimate=125
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 127 people, 72 households, and 36 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|127.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.7% of the population.

There were 72 households, of which 15.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 45.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.76 and the average family size was 2.42.

The median age in the city was 52.5 years. 11.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 203 people, 87 households, and 60 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|205.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|119.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.39% of the population.

The top 6 ancestry groups in the city are [[Norway|Norwegian]] (51.7%), [[Czech Republic|Czech]] (17.2%), [[Germany|German]] (17.2%), [[Sweden|Swedish]] (7.4%), [[Poland|Polish]] (5.4%), [[Scotch-Irish American|Scots-Irish]] (4.4%).

There were 87 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 29.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,938, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $29,750 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,224. About 12.3% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.5% of those sixty five or over.

