==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 154
|1900= 246
|1910= 240
|1920= 313
|1930= 290
|1940= 309
|1950= 262
|1960= 270
|1970= 223
|1980= 247
|1990= 222
|2000= 158
|2010= 147
|2020= 165
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 14, 2011|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 147 people, 79 households, and 46 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 490 people per square mile (183.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 121 housing units at an average density of 403.3 per square mile (151.25/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 79 households, out of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.37.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 19.7% from 25 to 44, 33.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,446, and the median income for a family was $64,792. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $35,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $31,673. 7.2% of the families and 16.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 20% of those under 18 and 14.3% of those over 64.

