==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 116
|1920= 111
|1930= 128
|1940= 123
|1950= 123
|1960= 122
|1970= 136
|1980= 88
|1990= 89
|2000= 100
|2010= 105
|2020= 79
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Estimated median household income in 2007: $47,545. Estimated median house or condo value in 2007: $62,681. 2008 cost of living index in Wallace: 72.5 (low, U.S. average is 100)

===2010 census===
At the census of 2010,<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 105 people, 52 households, and 28 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1166.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|611.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 52 households, of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the town was 45.5 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[census]] of 2000,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 100 people, 35 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,182.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|473.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.00% from two or more races. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 35 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.46.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.0% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 15.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,583, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,386. 23.4% of the population and 18.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 29.7% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

