==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 150
|1930= 192
|1940= 202
|1950= 165
|1960= 143
|1970= 146
|1980= 148
|1990= 190
|2000= 182
|2010= 139
|2020= 134
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 139 people, 60 households, and 41 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|992.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|457.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32, and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 44.8 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 182 people, 65 households, and 46 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,173.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|425.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.95% of the population.

There were 65 households, out of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80, and the average family size was 3.47.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 36.3% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000, the median income for a household in the village was $34,688, and the median income for a family was $37,031. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $16,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,608. About 2.4% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 22.6% of those 65 or over.

