==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 166
|2020= 154
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 154 people, 58 households, and 42 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 396.3 inhabitants per square mile (153.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 63 housing units at an average density of 162.1 per square mile (62.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 91.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.6% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.9% from other races and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.9% of the population.

Of the 58 households, 37.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% were cohabitating couples, 10.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 13.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.6% of all households were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals, 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 40.8 years. 31.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 16.2% were from 25 and 44; 33.8% were from 45 and 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 57.8% male and 42.2% female.

