==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 185
|1900= 400
|1910= 373
|1920= 526
|1930= 467
|1940= 628
|1950= 628
|1960= 615
|1970= 615
|1980= 705
|1990= 645
|2000= 673
|2010= 672
|2020= 634
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 673 people, 291 households, and 185 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,054.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|509.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 291 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 21.8% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,172, and the median income for a family was $34,286. Males had a median income of $26,635 versus $25,234 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,044. About 12.4% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 22.4% of those age 65 or over.

