==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 715
|1900= 1172
|1910= 1237
|1920= 1183
|1930= 1317
|1940= 1338
|1950= 1331
|1960= 1278
|1970= 1309
|1980= 1600
|1990= 1488
|2000= 1563
|2010= 1603
|2020= 1649
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1654
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 20, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,603 people, 687 households, and 418 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1470.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 763 housing units at an average density of {{convert|700.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.5% of the population.

There were 687 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.2% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,563 people, 679 households, and 414 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,460.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 727 housing units at an average density of 679.4/sq mi (262.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 94.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.93% of the population.

There were 679 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,516, and the median income for a family was $42,357. Males had a median income of $30,607 versus $19,769 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,976. About 6.6% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

