==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 594
|1890= 1009
|1900= 1043
|1910= 1000
|1920= 1014
|1930= 920
|1940= 1003
|1950= 893
|1960= 924
|1970= 984
|1980= 1057
|1990= 877
|2000= 1062
|2010= 961
|2020= 907
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Ponca is part of the [[Sioux City, Iowa|Sioux City]], [[Iowa|IA]]&ndash;NE&ndash;[[South Dakota|SD]] [[Sioux City metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 961 people in 403 households, including 256 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|1316.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 428 housing units at an average density of {{convert|586.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 97.8% White, 0.4% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.1% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.8%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref>

Of the 403 households 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.8% of households were one person and 19.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age was 43.9 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 1,062 people in 403 households, including 286 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,508.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 425 housing units at an average density of {{convert|603.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 96.89% White, 0.56% Native American, 0.94% from other races, and 1.60% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.64%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 403 households 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.6% of households were one person and 13.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.00.

The age distribution was 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% 65 or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median household income was $31,750, and the median family income  was $41,250. Males had a median income of $28,472 versus $21,681 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,782. About 7.0% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.5% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

