==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 561
|1910= 562
|1920= 528
|1930= 538
|1940= 498
|1950= 485
|1960= 425
|1970= 440
|1980= 437
|1990= 404
|2000= 342
|2010= 284
|2020= 245
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov| access-date=2023-12-17 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> counted 245 people, 95 households, and 45 families in Skidmore. The population density was 742.4 per square mile (288.2/km{{sup|2}}). There were 165 housing units at an average density of 500.0 per square mile (194.1/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup was 92.24% (226) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black or African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% (1) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.41% (1) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.94% (17) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.5% (1) of the population.

Of the 95 households, 17.9% had children under the age of 18; 36.8% were married couples living together; 47.4% had a female householder with no husband present. Of all households, 50.5% consisted of individuals and 24.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.0 and the average family size was 3.0.

14.7% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.5 years. For every 100 females, the population had 68.5 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 69.7 males.

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov|access-date=2023-12-17|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> estimates show that the median household income was $35,446 (with a margin of error of +/- $4,465) and the median family income was $60,938 (+/- $14,913). Males had a median income of $30,833 (+/- $20,048) versus $28,333 (+/- $5,179) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $29,063 (+/- $4,497). Approximately, 6.7% of families and 24.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.4% of those under the age of 18 and 34.1% of those ages 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 284 people, 122 households, and 81 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|860.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|521.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races.

There were 122 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.6% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 45.4 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 342 people, 148 households, and 96 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,058.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|535.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.29% from two or more races.

There were 148 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,500, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,881. About 14.7% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.8% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

