==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 204
|1930= 185
|1940= 209
|1950= 232
|1960= 188
|1970= 157
|1980= 205
|1990= 168
|2000= 133
|2010= 117
|2020= 121
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 133 people, 57 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|323.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 4.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 57 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,542, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,206. There were 4.8% of families and 5.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

