==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980 = 388
| 1990 = 389
| 2000 = 563
| 2010 = 635
| 2020 = 595
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 588
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 563 people, 242 households, and 150 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|73.7|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 274 housing units at an average density of {{convert|35.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.86% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 9.59% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.13% from two or more races. 1.07% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]].

There were 242 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 16.7% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $25,000 compared to $18,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,083. About 10.2% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 23.4% of those age 65 or over.

