==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 2440
|1910= 2934
|1920= 3188
|1930= 3264
|1940= 3375
|1950= 3034
|1960= 2763
|1970= 2418
|1980= 2015
|1990= 1782
|2000= 1818
|2010= 1547
|2020= 1558
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title = Census of Population and Housing |publisher = Census.gov |access-date = June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title = U.S. Census website |url = https://www.census.gov |publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date = November 18, 2012 }}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,547 people, 771 households, and 360 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|452.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,032 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 771 households, of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.3% were non-families. 47.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the city was 49 years. 16.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 26.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]], there were 1,818 people, 830 households, and 458 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 577.3 people per square mile (222.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,025 housing units at an average density of 325.5 per square mile (125.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|Caucasian]], 0.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population. 30.3% were of [[italians|Italian]], 20.4% [[finns|Finnish]], 9.7% [[germans|German]] and 9.3% [[Polish people|Polish]] ancestry.

There were 830 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.8% were non-families. 39.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,821, and the median income for a family was $33,000. Males had a median income of $27,717 versus $17,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,554. About 11.0% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

