==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1830= 211
|1850= 288
|1880= 387
|1890= 672
|1900= 690
|1910= 624
|1920= 626
|1930= 578
|1940= 562
|1950= 566
|1960= 503
|1970= 490
|1980= 525
|1990= 475
|2000= 398
|2010= 369
|2020= 321
|estyear=2023
|estimate=315
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 369 people, 161 households, and 87 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|615.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.4% from two or more races.

There were 161 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.0% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 41.2 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 398 people, 170 households, and 99 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|664.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 200 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.75% from two or more races.

There were 170 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 85.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $18,558, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $14,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,877. About 11.5% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.6% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

