==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 429
|1900= 489
|1910= 461
|1920= 525
|1930= 474
|1940= 423
|1950= 398
|1960= 361
|1970= 285
|1980= 246
|1990= 246
|2000= 268
|2010= 233
|2020= 198
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="census.gov">{{cite web |title=Census.gov |url=https://www.census.gov |accessdate=June 24, 2012 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2010, there were 233 people, 97 households, and 66 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1456.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|737.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.3% of the population.

There were 97 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 45.5 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 32.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="census.gov" /> of 2000, there were 268 people, 109 households, and 70 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,663.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|788.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.99% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 109 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $37,000. Males had a median income of $25,556 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,525. About 14.7% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.5% of those sixty-five or over.

