==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 246
| 1920 = 164
| 1930 = 94
| 1940 = 88
| 1950 = 51
| 1960 = 48
| 1970 = 46
| 1980 = 51
| 1990 = 55
| 2000 = 59
| 2010 = 62
| 2020 = 56
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 56
| estref = 
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2015|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 59 people, 23 households, and 16 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|119.9|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.92% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 5.08% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 23 households, out of which 52.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,927. There were 5.9% of families and 9.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

