==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 126
|1870= 858
|1880= 774
|1890= 637
|1900= 666
|1910= 685
|1920= 676
|1930= 537
|1940= 557
|1950= 657
|1960= 813
|1970= 882
|1980= 957
|1990= 972
|2000= 910
|2010= 960
|2020= 912
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 960 people, 393 households, and 259 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,196.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|499.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 393 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 20 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 males age 18 and over, there were 99.5 females.

As of the 2000 census, the median income for a household in the village was $37,361, and the median income for a family was $44,500. Males had a median income of $38,654 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,133. About 4.5% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.

