==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 102
|1920= 90
|1930= 136
|1940= 123
|1950= 145
|1960= 149
|1970= 129
|1980= 233
|1990= 77
|2000= 112
|2010= 139
|2020= 128
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 112 people, 38 households, and 31 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|450.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.39% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.4% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $42,083. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,943. There were 8.6% of families and 13.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of under eighteens and 18.8% of those over 64.

