==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1508
|1990= 1427
|2000= 1307
|2010= 1144
|2020= 1078
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-3-37.pdf|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=July 17, 2018}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/G001/1600000US3941090|title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): La Croft CDP, Ohio|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder|accessdate=January 26, 2015|archive-url=https://archive.today/20150126164406/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/G001/1600000US3941090|archive-date=January 26, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,307 people, 512 households, and 373 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,147.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 537 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 512 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $29,712 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,528. About 11.1% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

