==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 225
|1920= 332
|1930= 516
|1940= 506
|1950= 525
|1960= 672
|1970= 465
|1980= 325
|1990= 223
|2000= 151
|2010= 133
|2020= 139
|estyear=2022
|estimate=132
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 133 people, 65 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|492.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|481.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 65 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.45.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.6% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 151 people, 83 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|548.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|515.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 83 households, out of which 12.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.8% were non-families. 44.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.49.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 10.6% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 19.9% from 25 to 44, 32.5% from 45 to 64, and 35.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $17,679, and the median income for a family was $26,667. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,643. There were 6.3% of families and 12.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 21.9% of those over 64.

