==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 112
|1960= 69
|1970= 115
|1980= 102
|1990= 110
|2000= 120
|2010= 112
|2020= 87
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 120 people, 50 households, and 41 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|46.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of 20.4 per square mile (7.9/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the village was 93.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.67% from two or more races.

There were 50 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.0% were non-families. 14.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $25,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $29,869. There were 10.8% of families and 21.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of under eighteens and 8.3% of those over 64.

