==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 625
| 1910 = 605
| 1920 = 1038
| 1930 = 1028
| 1940 = 809
| 1950 = 776
| 1960 = 722
| 1970 = 852
| 1980 = 989
| 1990 = 793
| 2000 = 997
| 2010 = 1044
| 2020 = 920
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 907
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Horatio racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0533310&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 491
| 53.37%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 21
| 2.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 18
| 1.96%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 0.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 74
| 8.04%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 313
| 34.02%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 920 people, 375 households, and 252 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 997 people, 377 households, and 265 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|546.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 423 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 84.95% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.71% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.81% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 8.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.81% from two or more races.  14.94% of the population were [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 377 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,419, and the median income for a family was $31,000. Males had a median income of $26,339 versus $15,547 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,738.  About 12.6% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.6% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.

Public education is provided to elementary and secondary students by the Horatio School District leading to graduation at [[Horatio High School]] (grades 7–12) after matriculating Horatio Elementary School (grades prekindergarten through sixth).

