==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 108
|1910= 320
|1920= 465
|1930= 557
|1940= 804
|1950= 729
|1960= 805
|1970= 820
|1980= 802
|1990= 866
|2000= 857
|2010= 936
|2020= 885
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 936 people, 431 households, and 236 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,337.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|715.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.90% of the population.

There were 431 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.2% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $32,188. Males had a median income of $27,404 versus $19,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,912. About 16.6% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 11.6% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

