==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 429
|1910= 490
|1920= 284
|1930= 266
|1940= 241
|1950= 255
|1960= 232
|1970= 237
|1980= 287
|1990= 222
|2000= 232
|2010= 194
|2020= 195
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 194 people, 78 households, and 53 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|208.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.4% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 42.8 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 232 people, 85 households, and 60 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|267.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 91.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.45% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,357, and the median income for a family was $25,313. Males had a median income of $21,964 versus $16,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,884.  About 11.8% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.3% of those 65 or over.

