==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 188
|1940= 392
|1950= 404
|1960= 339
|1970= 352
|1980= 308
|1990= 341
|2000= 375
|2010= 404
|2020= 302
}}
<!--As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 375 people, 117 households, and 93 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,603.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|564.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 58.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 32.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 77.07% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 50.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were married couples living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.21 and the average family size was 3.63.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.6% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,306, and the median income for a family was $21,806. Males had a median income of $23,438 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,175. About 30.5% of families and 34.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.2% of those under age 18 and 29.4% of those age 65 or over.-->
{{clear|left}}

