==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|659
|1910|532
|1920|520
|1930|573
|1940|597
|1950|565
|1960|516
|1970|447
|1980|442
|1990|320
|2000|302
|2010|237
|2020|230
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 230 people, 113 households, and 65 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 306.9 inhabitants per square mile (118.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 138 housing units at an average density of 184.2 per square mile (71.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 91.7% [[White Americans|White]], 1.3% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.6% from other races and 4.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 9.1% of the population.

Of the 113 households, 27.4% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% were cohabitating couples, 23.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 25.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 42.5% of all households were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 47.1 years. 20.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.2% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 and 44; 33.5% were from 45 and 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 237 people in 121 households, including 62 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|320.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.7% White, 0.4% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5%.<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 121 households 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were married couples living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.8% were non-families. 44.6% of households were one person and 21.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age was 49.5 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 34.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 302 people in 138 households, including 77 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|412.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.01% White, 0.33% Native American, 1.66% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.65%.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 138 households 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.2% were non-families. 38.4% of households were one person and 18.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.96.

The age distribution was 24.5% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% 65 or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median household income was $20,982 and the median family income was $26,042. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $17,000 for females. The per capita income for the city was $12,751. About 19.0% of families and 22.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.2% of those sixty five or over.

