==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 563
|1900= 710
|1910= 648
|1920= 823
|1930= 786
|1940= 885
|1950= 954
|1960= 919
|1970= 868
|1980= 1054
|1990= 945
|2000= 918
|2010= 883
|2020= 821
|estyear=2021
|estimate=808
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 883 people, 382 households, and 250 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,782.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 410 housing units at an average density of {{convert|827.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% other, and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 382 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, 19.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,500, and the median income for a family was $49,375.  The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,320. About 23.9% of families and 33.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.9% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

