==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1870= 432
|1880= 1350
|1890= 2511
|1900= 2151
|1910= 2043
|1920= 1476
|1930= 1135
|1940= 1208
|1950= 1156
|1960= 1006
|1970= 1097
|1980= 1391
|1990= 1382
|2000= 1385
|2010= 1292
|2020= 1251
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,292 people, 538 households, and 343 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1017.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 602 housing units at an average density of {{convert|474.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 538 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 37.4 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,385 people, 574 households, and 378 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,133.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 646 housing units at an average density of {{convert|528.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 574 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,186, and the median income for a family was $34,219. Males had a median income of $23,429 versus $17,857 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,310. About 18.3% of families and 20.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.8% of those under age 18 and 29.5% of those age 65 or over.

