==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 338
|1920= 660
|1930= 1079
|1940= 1125
|1950= 890
|1960= 894
|1970= 939
|1980= 969
|1990= 807
|2000= 810
|2010= 816
|2020= 715
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 816 people, 309 households, and 206 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2147.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 355 housing units at an average density of {{convert|934.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 78.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 17.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 24.8% of the population.

There were 309 households, of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the city was 36 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 810 people, 326 households, and 237 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,127.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|935.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 10.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.22% of the population.

There were 326 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $23,365, and the median income for a family was $30,156. Males had a median income of $21,823 versus $17,569 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,977. About 18.4% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.8% of those under age 18 and 11.6% of those age 65 or over.

