==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 459
|1920= 459
|1930= 643
|1940= 719
|1950= 927
|1960= 1046
|1970= 1344
|1980= 1453
|1990= 1745
|2000= 1983
|2010= 2207
|2020= 2265
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Adamsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4700240&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|2,066
|91.21%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|59
|2.6%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.09%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|10
|0.44%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|87
|3.84%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|41
|1.81%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,265 people, 836 households, and 519 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,983 people, 835 households, and 552 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|287.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 937 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.01% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 835 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,929, and the median income for a family was $37,993. Males had a median income of $31,154 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,806. About 13.0% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 36.0% of those age 65 or over.

