==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 432
|1910= 510
|1920= 564
|1930= 480
|1940= 521
|1950= 443
|1960= 420
|1970= 496
|1980= 461
|1990= 401
|2000= 318
|2010= 224
|2020= 199
|estyear=2022
|estimate=188
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2014|author-link=United States Census Bureau}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 224 people, 116 households, and 64 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|829.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|659.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 116 households, of which 12.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the city was 50.7 years. 12.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 39.2% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 318 people, 148 households, and 87 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,157.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|724.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,250, and the median income for a family was $37,000. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,076. About 5.4% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

