==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 102
| 1950 = 133
| 1960 = 90
| 1970 = 141
| 1980 = 186
| 1990 = 126
| 2000 = 220
| 2010 = 232
| 2020 = 180
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 183
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 220 people, 79 households, and 65 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 99.9/km{{sup|2}} (258.2/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 93 housing units at an average density of 42.2/km{{sup|2}} (109.1/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 79 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.7% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $36,563. Males had a median income of $21,944 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,610.  About 7.6% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.2% of those 65 or over.

