==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: [Community], [State] |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/United_States?g=010XX00US |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 803
| 2010 = 797
| 2020 = 907
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 803 people, 413 households, and 258 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 81.3 people per square mile (31.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 912 housing units at an average density of 92.4/sq&nbsp;mi (35.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.99% of the population.

There were 413 households, out of which 10.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.36.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 10.7% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 15.6% from 25 to 44, 34.9% from 45 to 64, and 35.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $27,885, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $16,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,820. About 9.9% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.3% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

