==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 689
|1910= 808
|1920= 836
|1930= 598
|1940= 565
|1950= 527
|1960= 409
|1970= 307
|1980= 306
|1990= 252
|2000= 279
|2010= 258
|2020= 259
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 279 people, 117 households, and 78 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|724.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.98% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,208, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,564. About 12.9% of families and 19.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.8% of those 65 or over.-->
{{Clear left}}

