==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 187
|1880= 215
|1890= 270
|1910= 343
|1920= 348
|1930= 436
|1940= 504
|1950= 609
|1960= 715
|1970= 831
|1980= 705
|1990= 644
|2000= 628
|2010= 557
|2020= 498
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 557 people, 235 households, and 163 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2063.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 255 housing units at an average density of {{convert|944.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 235 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 40.4 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 628 people, 250 households, and 188 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,365.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 257 housing units at an average density of {{convert|967.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 250 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,458, and the median income for a family was $47,969. Males had a median income of $37,625 versus $25,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,687. About 5.1% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

