==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 279
|1900= 322
|1910= 641
|1920= 680
|1930= 564
|1940= 677
|1950= 674
|1960= 658
|1970= 645
|1980= 716
|1990= 651
|2000= 711
|2010= 653
|2020= 624
|estyear=2022
|estimate=615
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 19, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 653 people, 289 households, and 189 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|694.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 350 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 289 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 711 people, 301 households, and 195 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|761.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 338 housing units at an average density of {{convert|362.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 301 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,789, and the median income for a family was $41,563. Males had a median income of $35,855 versus $17,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,942. About 2.6% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 18.6% of those age 65 or over.

