==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 88
|1920= 216
|1930= 318
|1940= 331
|1950= 437
|1960= 622
|1970= 715
|1980= 630
|1990= 633
|2000= 646
|2010= 573
|2020= 634
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US3947474|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 573 people, 292 households, and 151 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2122.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 321 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1188.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 292 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.3% were non-families. 42.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the village was 48.6 years. 17.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 646 people, 291 households, and 139 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,610.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 303 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,224.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 291 households, out of which 17.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.2% were non-families. 44.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.3% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 31.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females there were 71.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 65.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $49,904, and the median income for a family was $90,000. Males had a median income of $45,938 versus $33,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $35,491. About 1.4% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

