==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 379
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2015, there are 383 people, 171 households, and 96 families. The [[population density]] is 42.4 people per square mile (16.4/km{{sup|2}}). There are 198 housing units. The racial makeup of the 2000 CDP was 29.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 59.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 64.52% of the population. The 2015 Diversity Index is 71.

In 2000, there were 112 households, out of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 35.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.9 males.

In 2015 the median income for a household is $60,156.  In the 2000 CDP the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $39,300 versus $28,182 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP is $33,781. In 2000, about 14.5% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

