==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 308
|1900= 339
|1910= 290
|1920= 274
|1930= 242
|1940= 226
|1950= 200
|1960= 224
|1970= 232
|1980= 287
|1990= 230
|2000= 205
|2010= 223
|2020= 207
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 223 people, 85 households, and 62 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|495.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.4% of the population.

There were 85 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.1% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 36.6 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 205 people, 83 households, and 57 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,175.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|515.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 83 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $50,833, and the median income for a family was $59,063. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,771. About 3.2% of families and 1.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 13.3% of those 65 or over.

