==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 396
|1930= 471
|1940= 403
|1950= 356
|1960= 285
|1970= 217
|1980= 245
|1990= 165
|2000= 153
|2010= 208
|2020= 271
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=October 2, 2021}}</ref> of 2010, there were 208 people, 85 households, and 52 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|203.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 85 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.17.

The median age in the town was 30.8 years. 34.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 153 people, 72 households, and 43 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|147.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.65% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females there were 82.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $29,643. Males had a median income of $27,000 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,997. About 16.7% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.1% of those 65 or over.

