==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 595
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 547 people, 228 households, and 163 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|104.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 229 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,368, and the median income for a family was $42,292. Males had a median income of $31,359 versus $14,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,343. About 2.3% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

