==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1990 = 94
| 2000 = 134
| 2010 = 173
| 2020 = 201
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="Decennial Census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Carl's Corner racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4812895&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 22, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|78
|38.81%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|5
|2.49%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.5%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|1
|0.5%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|0.5%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|10
|4.98%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|105
|52.24%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''201'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 201 people, 72 households, and 52 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 134 people, 50 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|70.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.19% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,073. There were 5.3% of families and 5.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

