==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 751
|1880= 399
|1890= 694
|1950= 775
|1960= 705
|1970= 602
|1980= 535
|1990= 382
|2000= 418
|2010= 387
|2020= 326
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 387 people, 142 households, and 104 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|266.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 142 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.8% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 36.1 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 418 people, 154 households, and 111 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|298.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|119.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.20% of the population.

There were 154 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 104.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,344, and the median income for a family was $30,469. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,147. About 16.2% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.5% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

