==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 410
|1930= 434
|1940= 441
|1950= 555
|1960= 418
|1970= 330
|1980= 323
|1990= 195
|2000= 195
|2010= 185
|2020= 195
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 185 people, 92 households, and 49 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|660.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|417.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.2% from two or more races.

There were 92 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.7% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the town was 50.9 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.4% male and 54.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 195 people, 97 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|688.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|430.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.54% of the population.

There were 97 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.4% were non-families. 45.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 2.1% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $21,111 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,021. About 11.8% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.1% of those 65 or over.

