==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1820= 112
|1840= 277
|1850= 457
|1860= 465
|1870= 376
|1880= 402
|1890= 461
|1900= 623
|1910= 893
|1920= 947
|1930= 993
|1940= 802
|1950= 586
|1960= 575
|1970= 497
|1980= 458
|1990= 434
|2000= 453
|2010= 457
|2020= 422
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 457 people, 182 households, and 115 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|952.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|443.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races.

There were 182 households, of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 39.7 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 453 people, 176 households, and 121 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|931.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|419.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 176 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,813, and the median income for a family was $31,583. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $17,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,559. About 12.0% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.

