==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 528
|1920= 547
|1930= 536
|1940= 585
|1950= 779
|1960= 919
|1970= 821
|1980= 887
|1990= 796
|2000= 716
|2010= 714
|2020= 753
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=July 19, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 714 people, 296 households, and 191 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1190.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|560.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 296 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 43 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 716 people, 295 households, and 192 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,213.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|603.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 295 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $26,771 versus $14,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,393. About 11.2% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

