==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 115
|1890= 528
|1900= 544
|1910= 385
|1920= 447
|1930= 387
|1940= 393
|1950= 255
|1960= 206
|1970= 203
|1980= 139
|1990= 142
|2000= 135
|2010= 93
|2020= 119
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 93 people, 44 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 44 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.8% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 31.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 135 people, 57 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|436.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.48% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,750, and the median income for a family was $27,679. Males had a median income of $22,708 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $28,852. There were 12.8% of families and 18.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.3% of under eighteens and 24.2% of those over 64.

