==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 72
| 1980 = 287
| 1990 = 129
| 2000 = 108
| 2010 = 84
| 2020 = 108
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 96
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 84 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 78.6% White, 15.5% Black and 3.6% from two or more races. 2.4% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 108 people, 34 households, and 26 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|278.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.4|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 69.44% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 29.63% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 0.93% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, out of which 47.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.6% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.18 and the average family size was 3.59.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $40,313 versus $16,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,686. There were 21.9% of families and 19.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

