==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 644
|1950= 580
|1960= 614
|1970= 1018
|1980= 998
|1990= 1291
|2000= 1255
|2010= 1462
|2020= 1094
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Raleigh racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2860840&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|662
|60.51%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|394
|36.01%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|4
|0.37%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|3
|0.27%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|18
|1.65%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|13
|1.19%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,094 people, 435 households, and 255 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,255 people, 482 households and 334 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|249.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 550 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 59.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 39.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population. 4% of the population claim German descent and 9% claim Irish descent.

There were 482 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.17.

27.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $26,316 and the median family income was $31,458. Males had a median income of $28,646 versus $16,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,982. About 18.9% of families and 24.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.1% of those under age 18 and 25.7% of those age 65 or over.

