==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 384
|1930= 439
|1940= 483
|1950= 404
|1960= 392
|1970= 393
|1980= 316
|1990= 247
|2000= 274
|2010= 254
|2020= 224
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 274 people, 117 households, and 76 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|577.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 55.47% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,231. About 22.0% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.0% of those 65 or over.

