==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 381
|1930= 266
|1940= 200
|1950= 195
|1960= 227
|1970= 227
|1980= 235
|1990= 196
|2000= 162
|2010= 204
|2020= 180
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name=":0" /> there were 180 people, 65 households, and 34 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|483.87|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|206.99|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 3.89% of the population.

There were 65 households, of which 20.0% had children under 18 living with them, 50.77% were married couples, 1.54% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.69% were non-families. 43.08% of all households comprised individuals, and 1.54% had someone 65 years or older living alone. The average household size was 3.03. and the average family size was 2.74.

The village's age distribution consisted of 11.2% under 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 41% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 137.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 132.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,917. Males had a median income of $36,193 versus $2,499 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,484. About 23.5% of families and 41.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 66.7% of those under age 18 and none aged 65 or over.

