==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 717
|1890= 870
|1900= 971
|1910= 927
|1920= 929
|1930= 744
|1940= 875
|1950= 906
|1960= 791
|1970= 764
|1980= 890
|1990= 683
|2000= 625
|2010= 596
|2020= 794
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 625 people, 262 households, and 157 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|538.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 293 housing units at an average density of {{convert|252.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 262 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $34,125. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,455. About 17.4% of families and 24.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.5% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

