==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 46
|1950= 50
|1960= 33
|1970= 88
|1980= 87
|1990= 25
|2000= 215
|2010= 218
|2020= 169
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Gakona first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 215 people, 84 households, and 60 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|3.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 75.35% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 12.09% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10.70% from two or more races. 1.40% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 84 households, 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 133.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $46,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,143. About 9.4% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.5% of those 65 or over.

