==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 332
|1920= 297
|1930= 324
|1940= 269
|1950= 256
|1960= 221
|1970= 241
|1980= 259
|1990= 211
|2000= 213
|2010= 182
|2020= 157
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html Decennial US Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 213 people, 91 households, and 64 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|917.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 91 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.1 males. For 20 years, Cooksville was home to Congressman Kath and his wife, Doris.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,094, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $23,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,984. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

