==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 325
|1930= 358
|1940= 370
|1950= 571
|1960= 409
|1970= 517
|1980= 623
|1990= 517
|2000= 345
|2010= 366
|2020= 368
|estyear=2022
|estimate=364
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 1, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 366 people, 166 households, and 113 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|778.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|421.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 166 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 37.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 345 people, 159 households, and 107 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|739.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|424.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 159 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 35.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,958, and the median income for a family was $49,750. Males had a median income of $46,000 versus $24,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,983. About 0.9% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

