==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 276 people, 85 households, and 74 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 128.8 people per square mile (49.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 94 housing units at an average density of 43.9/sq&nbsp;mi (17.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.8% were non-families. 9.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.25 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 32.6% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $35,083. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $15,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,932. About 17.3% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.8% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty-five or over.

