==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 286
|1930= 266
|1940= 167
|1950= 161
|1960= 151
|1970= 76
|1980= 88
|1990= 61
|2000= 66
|2010= 60
|2020= 41
|estyear=2022
|estimate=43
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 60 people, 27 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|333.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 27 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.1% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.21.

The median age in the city was 33 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 21.7% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.7% male and 38.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 66 people, 26 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|367.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|178.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 26 households, out of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 127.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $25,938. Males had a median income of $49,375 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,672. There were 24.1% of families and 32.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 57.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

