==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 19
| 1900 = 426
| 1910 = 823
| 1920 = 618
| 1930 = 543
| 1940 = 518
| 1950 = 517
| 1960 = 566
| 1970 = 662
| 1980 = 701
| 1990 = 560
| 2000 = 552
| 2010 = 430
| 2020 = 325
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 302
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Portland racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0556750&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 12, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|170
|52.31%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|121
|37.23%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.31%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|8
|2.46%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|25
|7.69%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 325 people, 178 households, and 92 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 552 people, 213 households, and 152 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|511.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 247 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 55.62% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 42.93% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races.  2.72% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 213 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,036, and the median income for a family was $32,375. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $20,446 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,094.  About 14.5% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

