==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 424
|1920= 460
|1930= 372
|1940= 517
|1950= 451
|1960= 420
|1970= 367
|1980= 401
|1990= 368
|2000= 358
|2010= 341
|2020= 322
|estyear=2022
|estimate=317
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 12, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 12, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 341 people, 138 households, and 76 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|757.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 23.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 66.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 9.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 138 households, of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 42.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.37.

The median age in the city was 30.4 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 22% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 358 people, 142 households, and 91 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,217.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|523.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 37.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 55.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 6.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 142 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $40,208. Males had a median income of $25,714 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,294. About 15.6% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

