==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 535
|1890= 711
|1900= 657
|1910= 722
|1920= 676
|1930= 947
|1940= 987
|1950= 1171
|1960= 1239
|1970= 1366
|1980= 1167
|1990= 1240
|2000= 1122
|2010= 1055
|2020= 910
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,122 people, 456 households, and 290 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|2554.0|PD/sqmi}}.  There were 490 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1115.4|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.55% of the population.

There were 456 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were married couples living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 36.5% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,864, and the median income for a family was $41,771. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $26,420 for females. The per capita income for the town was $19,590.  About 9.9% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

