==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 246
|1960= 281
|1970= 316
|1980= 359
|1990= 221
|2000= 274
|2010= 254
|2020= 229
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 254 people, 157 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1411.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1033.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 157 households, of which 7.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 64.3% were non-families. 60.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 42.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.55 and the average family size was 2.36.

The median age in the town was 64.8 years. 11.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 49.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 274 people, 150 households, and 61 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,565.8 people per square mile (622.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 166 housing units at an average density of 948.6 per square mile (377.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.65% of the population.

There were 150 households, out of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 59.3% were non-families. 56.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 38.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 32.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,056, and the median income for a family was $30,313. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $17,386 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,280. About 7.0% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.4% of those 65 or over.

