==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 75
| 1940 = 230
| 1950 = 188
| 1960 = 117
| 1970 = 126
| 1980 = 161
| 1990 = 131
| 2000 = 137
| 2010 = 156
| 2020 = 129
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 156 people, 67 households, and 40 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|433.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 49.3 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 137 people, 64 households, and 41 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 383.2 people per square mile (146.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 67 housing units at an average density of 187.4 per square mile (71.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 64 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,563, and the median income for a family was $32,000. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,883. There were 16.7% of families and 13.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 41.7% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

