==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 198
|2010= 490
|2020= 457
|footnote=<ref name="census">{{cite web|title=Historical Decennial Census Population for Wyoming Counties, Cities, and Towns|publisher=Wyoming Department of State|url=http://eadiv.state.wy.us/demog_data/cntycity_hist.htm|access-date=September 1, 2011}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 198 people, 72 households, and 51 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 70.3 people per square mile (27.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 76 housing units at an average density of 27.0/sq&nbsp;mi (10.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.52% of the population. 22.8% were of [[Irish people|Irish]], 22.0% [[German people|German]], 19.7% [[English people|English]] and 7.1% [[Polish people|Polish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 72 households, out of which 43.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $52,344, and the median income for a family was $56,875. Males had a median income of $50,938 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,217. None of the families and 1.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

