==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 232
|1900= 225
|1910= 446
|1920= 441
|1930= 322
|1940= 350
|1950= 277
|1960= 224
|1970= 138
|1980= 139
|1990= 106
|2000= 99
|2010= 91
|2020= 66
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Andover%20town,%20South%20Dakota |access-date=2024-09-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> of 2020, there were 66 people, 35 households and 11 families residing in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 86.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 91 people, 42 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|337.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.5% of the population.

There were 42 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 50.8 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 37.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.9% male and 45.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 99 people, 46 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|361.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 46 households, out of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 34.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,744. There were 11.1% of families and 18.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 17.6% of those over 64.

