==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 344
|1830= 576
|1840= 947
|1850= 1240
|1860= 1231
|1870= 1153
|1880= 1207
|1890= 1127
|1900= 1124
|1910= 1286
|1920= 1339
|1930= 1297
|1940= 1352
|1950= 1383
|1960= 1361
|1970= 1417
|1980= 1432
|1990= 1390
|2000= 1549
|2010= 1481
|2020= 1481
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,481 people, 613 households, and 354 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1276.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 673 housing units at an average density of {{convert|580.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 613 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.3% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 41.1 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,549 people, 613 households, and 381 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,328.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 659 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.26% of the population.

There were 613 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,844, and the median income for a family was $39,231. Males had a median income of $30,994 versus $21,364 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,209. About 6.4% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

