==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 362
|1960= 411
|1970= 308
|1980= 341
|1990= 277
|2000= 306
|2010= 216
|2020= 195
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2000, there were 306 people, 118 households, and 82 families residing in the village.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|116.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 32.03% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 74.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,917, and the median income for a family was $27,000. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,592. About 14.3% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.6% of those 65 or over.

