==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 202
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 230 people, 113 households, and 76 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|169.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|89.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% White. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 17.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.52.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 15.7% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.0% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 38.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,568, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $27,019 versus $30,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,664.  About 10.6% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.5% of those 65 or over.

