==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1165
|1930= 1033
|1940= 827
|1950= 828
|1960= 724
|1970= 562
|1980= 537
|1990= 553
|2000= 498
|2010= 572
|2020= 576
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 572 people, 261 households, and 135 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|386.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 299 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 261 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.3% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 36.7 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 498 people, 231 households, and 130 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|333.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 263 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.20% from two or more races. 46.8% were of [[United States|American]], 9.5% [[Germans|German]], 9.5% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 8.6% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]] and 5.9% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 231 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.7% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 25.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,813, and the median income for a family was $30,729. Males had a median income of $27,222 versus $17,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,949.  About 13.7% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.5% of those under age 18 and 23.5% of those age 65 or over.

