==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 273
|1950= 193
|1960= 145
|1970= 86
|1980= 105
|1990= 96
|2000= 125
|2010= 112
|2020= 109
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 112 people, 54 households, and 31 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|466.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the town was 45.5 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 37.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 125 people, 46 households, and 36 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|501.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|256.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were 46 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,214, and the median income for a family was $28,571. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,584. There were 8.8% of families and 16.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

