==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 131
|1910= 1045
|1920= 1955
|1930= 2763
|1940= 3272
|1950= 3006
|1960= 2663
|1970= 2226
|1980= 2038
|1990= 1702
|2000= 1512
|2010= 1441
|2020= 1390
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,441 people, 597 households, and 382 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,147.0 people per square mile. There were 760 housing units at an average density of {{convert|617.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 78.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 650 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,007, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,258 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,429. About 16.3% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

