==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 264
|1890= 174
|1900= 196
|1910= 209
|1920= 222
|1930= 200
|1940= 181
|1950= 179
|1960= 201
|1970= 177
|1980= 180
|1990= 164
|2000= 163
|2010= 161
|2020= 128
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 161 people, 68 households, and 46 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1073.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 68 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the town was 38.3 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.9% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 163 people, 71 households and 45 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,140.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.61% of the population.

There were 71 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.71.

Age distribution was 20.9% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $29,583, and the median family income was $35,500. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,318. None of the families and 9.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.1% of those over 64.

