==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 646
|1890= 657
|1900= 825
|1910= 1148
|1920= 1394
|1930= 1578
|1940= 1619
|1950= 1615
|1960= 1748
|1970= 1642
|1980= 1713
|1990= 1831
|2000= 1685
|2010= 1551
|2020= 1407
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,551 people, 624 households, and 386 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1360.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 687 housing units at an average density of {{convert|602.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

As of 2010 the largest self-identified ancestry/ethnic groups in Oak Hill were: 
*American 12.8%
*German 10.8%
*Welsh 10.3%
*Irish 5.7%
*English 5.4%
*French 1.2%
*Scots-Irish 1.1%<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP02/1600000US3957596 |title=American FactFinder - Results |access-date=March 25, 2018 |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213104550/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP02/1600000US3957596 |archive-date=February 13, 2020 |url-status=dead }}</ref>

There were 624 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the village was 36.3 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,685 people, 673 households, and 458 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,474.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 739 housing units at an average density of {{convert|646.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.12% of the population.

There were 673 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,289, and the median income for a family was $31,898. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,580. About 14.2% of families and 20.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under age 18 and 24.7% of those age 65 or over.

