==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 204
|1900= 274
|1910= 261
|1920= 209
|1930= 245
|1940= 263
|1950= 290
|1960= 299
|1970= 274
|1980= 331
|1990= 363
|2000= 488
|2010= 456
|2020= 411
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 456 people, 176 households, and 121 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|660.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.5% of the population.

There were 176 households, of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 32.8 years. 31.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 8.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 488 citizens, 169 households, and 130 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 987.6 citizens per square mile (384.5/km{{sup|2}}). There were 182 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.34% of the population.

There were 169 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.4% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,542, and the median income for a family was $41,538. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $24,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,943. About 9.7% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.6% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

