==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 154
|1970= 205
|1980= 197
|1990= 174
|2000= 204
|2010= 168
|2020= 78
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
At the 2020 census, there were 78 people, 46 households and 24 families living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 87.2% white, and 9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.8%.

There were 68 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50% were married couples living together, 20% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 3.3% were non-families.

The median age was 45.4 years. The median household income was $58,500 and the poverty rate was 14.7%.

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> there were 168 people, 68 households and 45 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|373.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.38% of the population.

There were 68 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.0% male and 44.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 204 people, 73 households and 54 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|477.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.43% from two or more races.

There were 73 households, of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.7% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.22.

32.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $14,375 and the median family income was $15,000. Males had a median income of $11,875 compared with $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $6,377. About 42.6% of families and 48.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.2% of those 65 or over.

