==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 113
|1970= 196
|1980= 168
|1990= 167
|2000= 130
|2010= 133
|2020= 117
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 130 people, 43 households, and 36 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|46.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|18.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 11.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 20.77% of the population.

There were 43 households, out of which 53.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.0% were non-families. 14.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 37.7% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,831. There were 10.8% of families and 8.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.0% of under eighteens and 5.6% of those over 64.

