==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 491
| 2010 = 491
| 2020 = 578
| align-fn = center
| footnote = 2000-2010 Census<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t |title=2000-2010 U.S. Censuses |access-date=January 12, 2015 |archive-date=January 12, 2015 |archive-url=http://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t |url-status=dead }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: East Cathlamet, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=East%20Cathlamet%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 14, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010===
As of the 2010 census,<ref name=census>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |date=2011 |accessdate=20 June 2014 }}</ref> there were 491 people, 227 households, and 149 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|286.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 227 households, out of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 17.1% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 15.7% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 29.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

===2000===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name=census/> there were 491 people, 214 households, and 144 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|282.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.7% White, 0.0% African American, 1.2% Native American, 0.0% Asian, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 0.8% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 23.0% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $51,875. Males had a median income of $50,658 versus $19,519 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,372. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

