==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 451
| 1900 = 905
| 1910 = 659
| 1920 = 1203
| 1930 = 1354
| 1940 = 1461
| 1950 = 1625
| 1960 = 1769
| 1970 = 2126
| 1980 = 2404
| 1990 = 2657
| 2000 = 2845
| 2010 = 2902
| 2020 = 2962
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,902 people, 1,286 households, and 705 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|980.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,445 housing units at an average density of {{convert|488.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 1,286 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 41.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 45.1 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.6% male and 55.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,845 people, 1,231 households, and 725 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 947.2 people per square mile (366.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,311 housing units at an average density of 436.5 per square mile (168.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 1,231 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,710, and the median income for a family was $40,568. Males had a median income of $31,636 versus $20,795 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,125. About 4.0% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

