==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 538
|1890= 718
|1900= 905
|1910= 984
|1920= 976
|1930= 950
|1940= 911
|1950= 870
|1960= 741
|1970= 406
|1980= 246
|1990= 241
|2000= 236
|2010= 205
|2020= 212
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Population of Civil Divisions Less than Counties|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-12.pdf|work=1880 United States Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 24, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Population-Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/36894832v3ch4.pdf|work=U.S. Census 1910|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Number and Distribution of Inhabitants:Pennsylvania-Tennessee|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch09.pdf|work=Fifteenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=November 22, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were two hundred and thirty-six people, ninety households, and sixty families in the borough.

The [[population density]] was {{convert|278.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were ninety-six housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.4|/mi2|/km2}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 96.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were ninety households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 52.2% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of eighteen, 4.7% from eighteen to twenty-four, 26.3% from twenty-five to forty-four, 21.6% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 16.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-eight years.

For every one hundred females, there were 91.9 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $43,250. Males had a median income of $37,500 compared with that of $23,333 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,123.

Roughly 4.8% of families and 4.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those who were under the age of eighteen; none of those who were aged sixty-five or older were living in poverty.

