==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2771
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,846 people, 1,254 households, and 798 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,574.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,350 housing units at an average density of {{convert|746.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 1,254 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 34.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 77.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,717, and the median income for a family was $39,479. Males had a median income of $31,856 versus $25,304 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,958. About 9.6% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

