==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1890= 301
|1900= 319
|1910= 265
|1920= 183
|1930= 221
|1940= 739
|1950= 476
|1960= 404
|1970= 419
|1980= 421
|1990= 387
|2000= 610
|2010= 679
|2020= 724
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 610 people, 259 households, and 169 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|576|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 259 households, out of which 32% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34% were non-families. 26% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.8.

Approximately 24% of the town under the age of 18, 8% from 18 to 24, 37% from 25 to 44, 25% from 45 to 64, and 5% 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 110 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $50,385, and the median income for a family was $51,980. Males had a median income of $34,290 versus $26,430 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,740.  About 6.6% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

