==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 133
|2010= 86
|2020= 75
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 86 people, 43 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|452.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 43 households, of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.54.

The median age in the village was 56 years. 15.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 34.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 133 people, 62 households, and 43 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|256.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|218.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.51.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 36.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The [[Median household income|median income]] for a household in the village was $21,429, and the median income for a family was $22,143. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,014. There were 25.0% of families and 34.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 51.7% of under eighteens and 5.0% of those over 64.

