==Demographics==
{{update|section|date=August 2025|reason=Newer data is available from the 2020 census}}
{{US Census population
|1870= 514
|1880= 313
|1890= 368
|1900= 547
|1910= 536
|1920= 554
|1930= 524
|1940= 605
|1950= 631
|1960= 840
|1970= 857
|1980= 792
|1990= 851
|2000= 1002
|2010= 1023
|2020= 970
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{fv|date=August 2025|reason=No mention of Williamsport at this link}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref>{{fv|date=August 2025|reason=No mention of Williamsport at this link}} of 2010, there were 1,023 people, 342 households, and 272 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|565.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 342 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.5% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the village was 30.5 years. 34% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.2% were from 45 to 64; and 8.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>{{fv|date=August 2025|reason=No mention of Williamsport at this link}} of 2000, there were 1,002 people, 355 households, and 275 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|747.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.10% of the population.

There were 355 households, out of which 44.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.2% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,083, and the median income for a family was $32,292. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $25,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,115. About 20.0% of families and 22.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.1% of those under age 18 and 20.2% of those age 65 or over.

