==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 160
|1930= 183
|1940= 170
|1950= 161
|1960= 130
|1970= 118
|1980= 184
|1990= 201
|2000= 182
|2010= 199
|2020= 186
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 199 people, 84 households, and 56 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1809.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|790.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 19.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 182 people, 78 households, and 53 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,744.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|824.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $54,375. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,997. None of the families and 9.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 19.4% of those over 64.

