==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|450
|1910|500
|1920|548
|1930|538
|1940|664
|1950|698
|1960|689
|1970|600
|1980|668
|1990|498
|2000|596
|2010|502
|2020|495
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 495 people, 247 households, and 124 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 577.7 inhabitants per square mile (223.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 277 housing units at an average density of 323.3 per square mile (124.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 92.3% [[White Americans|White]], 1.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3.6% from other races and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 5.9% of the population.

Of the 247 households, 20.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% were cohabitating couples, 24.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 30.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 49.8% of all households were non-families. 44.1% of all households were made up of individuals, 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 47.4 years. 20.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 and 44; 28.9% were from 45 and 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 502 people, 236 households, and 141 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|570.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 236 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.3% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 596 people, 261 households, and 169 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|681.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 278 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.51% of the population.

There were 261 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.76.

23.5% were under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,868, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $27,727 versus $21,630 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,919. About 8.4% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under age 18 and 2.9% of those age 65 or over.

