==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = right
| 1870 = 156
| 1880 = 187
| 1890 = 232
| 1900 = 200
| 1910 = 203
| 1930 = 320
| 1940 = 297
| 1950 = 323
| 1960 = 460
| 1970 = 338
| 1980 = 363
| 1990 = 308
| 2000 = 281
| 2010 = 321
| 2020 = 267
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Gatesville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3725680&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-22|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 230
| 86.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 28
| 10.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.75%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 5
| 1.87%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 2
| 0.75%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 267 people, 120 households, and 71 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 281 people, 117 households, and 80 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|675.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|341.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 87.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 82.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $49,375, and the median income for a family was $62,500. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,190. About 2.8% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.8% of those 65 or over.

