==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 157
|1940= 134
|1950= 139
|1960= 138
|1970= 135
|1980= 110
|1990= 123
|2000= 123
|2010= 93
|2020= 100
|estyear=2022
|estimate=102
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 23, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 93 people, 38 households, and 27 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|422.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 38 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.9% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 39.3 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.1% male and 41.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 123 people, 47 households, and 39 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|570.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.0% were non-families. 14.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 136.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,917, and the median income for a family was $41,563. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,781. There were no families and 2.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.4% of those over 64.

