==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 410
| 1900 = 595
| 1910 = 757
| 1920 = 870
| 1930 = 737
| 1940 = 1011
| 1950 = 1043
| 1960 = 1138
| 1970 = 1074
| 1980 = 1122
| 1990 = 863
| 2000 = 914
| 2010 = 884
| 2020 = 895
| estyear = 2021
| estimate = 914
| estref = <ref name="Est2021">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2021/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2021-POP-53.xlsx|date=July 1, 2021|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in Washington: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 9, 2023}}</ref> {{increase}}
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 8, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Wilbur, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Wilbur%20town,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 14, 2024}}</ref>
}}

{{update|section|date=April 2023|reason=Newer information is available from the 2020 census reports}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 884 people, 404 households, and 243 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|645.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 468 housing units at an average density of {{convert|341.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 404 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.9% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 50.2 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 914 people, 396 households, and 266 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 680.2 people per square mile (263.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 480 housing units at an average density of 357.2 per square mile (138.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.75% of the population.

There were 396 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 19.7% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,563, and the median income for a family was $37,431. Men had a median income of $32,440 versus $20,417 for women. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,535. About 14.4% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.6% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

