==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 48
| 1900 = 636
| 1910 = 967
| 1920 = 1175
| 1930 = 1157
| 1940 = 1259
| 1950 = 1333
| 1960 = 1673
| 1970 = 1993
| 1980 = 2129
| 1990 = 2024
| 2000 = 2156
| 2010 = 2086
| 2020 = 2138
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,086 people, 847 households, and 537 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1931.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 899 housing units at an average density of {{convert|832.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 847 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.6% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 40.9 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,156 people, 861 households, and 569 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,997.1 people per square mile (770.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 900 housing units at an average density of 833.7 per square mile (321.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 99.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.09% of the population.

There were 861 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $46,550. Males had a median income of $30,884 versus $21,359 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,375. About 5.9% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

