==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 238
|1910= 154
|1920= 267
|1930= 182
|1940= 253
|1950= 212
|1960= 174
|1970= 132
|1980= 118
|1990= 138
|2000= 141
|2010= 151
|2020= 98
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 147 people, 54 households, and 41 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|816.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|377.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 54 households, of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.1% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the village was 38.2 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 141 people, 58 households, and 41 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|718.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.71% from two or more races.

There were 58 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $19,063, and the median income for a family was $16,667. Males had a median income of $17,083 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,051. There were 40.9% of families and 32.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 43.8% of under eighteens and 29.6% of those over 64.

