==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 236
|1920= 191
|1930= 164
|1940= 165
|1950= 170
|1960= 186
|1970= 238
|1980= 209
|1990= 160
|2000= 186
|2010= 197
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020= 166
|2020n= <ref>{{Cite web |date=2020-04-01 |title=2020 Census Decennial Demographic and Housing Characteristics: Population by Place (Table P1) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P1?t=Populations+and+People&g=010XX00US$0600000,$1600000&d=DEC+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics |archive-url=https://archive.today/20250924201611/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P1?t=Populations+and+People&g=010XX00US$0600000,$1600000&d=DEC+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics |archive-date=2025-09-24 |access-date=2025-09-24 |website=Census Bureau Data}}</ref>
|estyear= 2024
|estimate= 172
|estref= <ref>{{cite web |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=2025-09-16}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 197 people, 87 households, and 59 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|729.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 95 housing units at an average density of {{convert|351.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 87 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 49.2 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 186 people, 87 households, and 62 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|693.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 87 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.58.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $29,531. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,863.  About 16.0% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.6% of those 65 or over.

