==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 320
|1930= 442
|1940= 439
|1950= 376
|1960= 367
|1970= 361
|1980= 326
|1990= 299
|2000= 266
|2010= 212
|2020= 207
|estyear=2022
|estimate=203
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 212 people, 101 households, and 53 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|209.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 121 housing units at an average density of {{convert|119.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.5% of the population.

There were 101 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.5% were non-families. 44.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 22.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 266 people, 115 households, and 73 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|265.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,786, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $25,875 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,516. About 17.9% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.2% of those 65 or over.

