==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 512
|1910= 879
|1920= 1029
|1930= 1920
|1940= 1773
|1950= 2261
|1960= 2587
|1970= 2564
|1980= 2538
|1990= 2679
|2000= 2577
|2010= 2543
|2020= 2638
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|access-date=October 12, 2021|archive-date=March 8, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220308015914/https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the borough was 95.8% White, 0.4% Black or African American, 1.2% Asian, and 2.0% were two or more races. 2.0% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry [https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,577 people, 1,060 households, and 645 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|7,428.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,091 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,145.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.98% [[Caucasian race|White]], 0.04% [[African American]], 0.04% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.97% [[Asian people|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 1,060 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $47,958, and the median income for a family was $55,455. Males had a median income of $40,349 versus $32,100 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,232. About 1.8% of families and 3.0% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold]], including 0.7% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

