==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 153
|1890= 690
|1900= 195
|1910= 160
|1920= 176
|1930= 344
|1940= 390
|1950= 490
|1960= 334
|1970= 330
|1980= 370
|1990= 363
|2000= 310
|2010= 345
|2020= 250
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 345 people, 155 households, and 85 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|958.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 155 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 40.2 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 310 people, 136 households, and 84 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|815.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|423.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.32% from two or more races.

There were 136 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,389, and the median income for a family was $24,464. Males had a median income of $25,019 versus $12,746 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,015. About 11.2% of families and 17.4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under age 18 and 27.0% of those age 65 or over.

