==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 427
|1920= 398
|1930= 312
|1940= 278
|1950= 222
|1960= 169
|1970= 160
|1980= 120
|1990= 106
|2000= 127
|2010= 140
|2020= 104
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 127 people, 51 households, and 37 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|46.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.36% of the population.

There were 51 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,792, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $26,484 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,016. There were 11.5% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of under eighteens and 17.6% of those over 64.

