==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 350
|1910= 550
|1920= 593
|1930= 569
|1940= 623
|1950= 614
|1960= 526
|1970= 575
|1980= 529
|1990= 452
|2000= 366
|2010= 326
|2020= 286
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=June 23, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 326 people, 144 households, and 83 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|776.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|457.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 144 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.4% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the village was 51.8 years. 16.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 366 people, 152 households, and 81 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|867.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.27% from two or more races.

There were 152 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.7% were non-families. 44.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 35.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $20,417, and the median income for a family was $35,893. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $18,036 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,453. About 8.2% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

