==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 148
|1890= 120
|1900= 149
|1910= 150
|1920= 117
|1930= 112
|1940= 100
|1950= 132
|1960= 129
|1970= 104
|1980= 132
|1990= 79
|2000= 74
|2010= 81
|2020= 72
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 81 people, 32 households, and 19 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|810.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 32 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 38.5 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 74 people, 31 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|673.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|336.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.35% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 29.7% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $37,917 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,016. There were no families and 2.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

