==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 275
|1900= 294
|1910= 398
|1920= 390
|1930= 271
|1940= 284
|1950= 303
|1960= 293
|1970= 301
|1980= 318
|1990= 311
|2000= 334
|2010= 465
|2020= 444
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 334 people, 136 households, and 99 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|108.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 85.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.50% from two or more races.

There were 136 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $36,944. Males had a median income of $26,607 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,645.  About 15.7% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 25.0% of those age 65 or over.

