==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 136
|1890= 344
|1900= 293
|1910= 256
|1920= 300
|1930= 298
|1940= 277
|1950= 232
|1960= 211
|1970= 286
|1980= 371
|1990= 290
|2000= 288
|2010= 272
|2020= 293
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 272 people, 120 households, and 66 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1236.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|645.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 120 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.0% were non-families. 45.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 37.4 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.2% male and 54.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 288 people, 120 households, and 72 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,337.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 120 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 16.3% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 27.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $33,229. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $19,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,283. About 12.3% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.7% of those 65 or over.

