==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 113
|1920= 83
|1930= 80
|1940= 97
|1950= 94
|1960= 82
|1970= 73
|1980= 91
|1990= 96
|2000= 72
|2010= 66
|2020= 60
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 72 people, 27 households, and 18 families residing in the borough. The population density was 25.1 people per square mile (9.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 31 housing units at an average density of 10.8 per square mile (4.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White.

There were 27 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were married couples living together, and 33.3% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 132.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $51,250, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,915. There were 25.0% of families and 18.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 37.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

