==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 124
|1940= 84
|1950= 34
|1960= 40
|1970= 29
|1980= 31
|1990= 20
|2000= 21
|2010= 20
|2020= 31
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 31 people, 9 households, and 8 families in Latimer.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Latimer%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 516.7 per square mile (199.5/km{{sup|2}}). There were 9 housing units at an average density of 150.0 per square mile (57.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Latimer%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 100.0% (31) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (100.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.0% (0) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Latimer%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Latimer%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 9 households, 55.6% had children under the age of 18; 77.8% were married couples living together; 11.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 11.1% of households consisted of individuals and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.0 and the average family size was 2.0.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Latimer%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

32.3% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 12.9% from 25 to 44, 35.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 47.6 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 40.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 20 people, 9 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|222.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 9 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 44.4% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 46 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 21 people, 9 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|241.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 9.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 9 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 55.6% were non-families. 55.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 3.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 9.5% under the age of 18, 14.3% from 18 to 24, 38.1% from 25 to 44, 9.5% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $13,750. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,536. There were no families and 18.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 40.0% of those over 64.

