==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1021
|1900= 1554
|1910= 1917
|1920= 2752
|1930= 3906
|1940= 3921
|1950= 4212
|1960= 4235
|1970= 5286
|1980= 5946
|1990= 5363
|2000= 5078
|2010= 5444
|2020= 5096
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,078 people, 2,134 households, and 1,423 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 669.9 people per square mile (258.7/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 2,349 housing units at an average density of 309.9 per square mile (119.7/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 92.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 2,134 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,157, and the median income for a family was $44,000. Males had a median income of $34,167 versus $18,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,755. About 3.9% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

