==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 210
|1950= 314
|1960= 504
|1970= 817
|1980= 643
|1990= 546
|2000= 488
|2010= 491
|2020= 530
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 3, 2023}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 491 people, 217 households, and 137 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2231.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1036.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 217 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.9% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 50.6 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 27.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 488 people, 211 households, and 147 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,243.8 people per square mile (856.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 216 housing units at an average density of 993.2 per square mile (379.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.84% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 29.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $57,031, and the median income for a family was $70,962. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $28,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $28,074. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

