==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 428
|1920= 562
|1930= 578
|1940= 531
|1950= 543
|1960= 562
|1970= 451
|1980= 459
|1990= 437
|2000= 525
|2010= 434
|2020= 341
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 525 people, 189 households, and 120 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,018.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|803.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 74.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 20.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 45.14% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,196, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $15,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,598. About 23.2% of families and 30.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.4% of those under age 18 and 15.8% of those age 65 or over.

