==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 50
|2020= 5
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 5 people, 0 households, and 0 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 12.5 inhabitants per square mile (4.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 9 housing units at an average density of 22.5 per square mile (8.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 60.0% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 40.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.0% of the population.

The median age in the city was 31.2 years. 40.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.0% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 60.0% were from 25 and 44; 0.0% were from 45 and 64; and 0.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 20.0% male and 80.0% female.
===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 50 people, 23 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|125|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.0% from two or more races.

There were 23 households, out of which 13.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the city the population was spread out, with 16% under the age of 18, 14% from 18 to 24, 16% from 25 to 44, 32% from 45 to 64, and 22% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. The gender makeup of the city was 58.0% male and 42.0% female.

