==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 346
|1910= 384
|1920= 512
|1930= 537
|1940= 630
|1950= 718
|1960= 565
|1970= 608
|1980= 622
|1990= 574
|2000= 453
|2010= 449
|2020= 386
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 449 people, 201 households, and 115 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|472.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 255 housing units at an average density of {{convert|268.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 201 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.8% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 43.6 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 453 people, 195 households, and 118 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|471.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 230 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.22% from two or more races.

There were 195 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,591, and the median income for a family was $37,273. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,469.  About 5.8% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.8% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

