==Demographics==
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 33 people, 18 households and 9 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 15.4 per square mile (6.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 26 housing units at an average density of 12.1/sq&nbsp;mi (4.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 9.09% from two or more races.

There were 18 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.8% were married couples living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.56.

21.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 136.4 males.
The median family income was $87,857. The median income for all workers was $48,333. Females had a median income of $36,786. Male medium income was unreported. The per capita income for the CDP was $43,343. There were no families living below the poverty line.  Five people reported Social Security income and none were on SSI. All workers were reported as being employed by governments.

