==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 222
|1910= 263
|1920= 275
|1930= 242
|1940= 285
|1950= 297
|1960= 316
|1970= 280
|1980= 266
|1990= 315
|2000= 266
|2010= 545
|2020= 641
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 545 people, 205 households, and 151 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|529.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of{{convert|215.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 205 households, of which 43.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.3% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 31.1 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35.7% were from 25 to 44; 18.5% were from 45 to 64; and 8.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 266 people, 102 households, and 68 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|335.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 102 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $54,375. Males had a median income of $36,071 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,894.  None of the families and 3.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 13.3% of those over 64.

