==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 205
|1970= 173
|1980= 127
|1990= 93
|2000= 88
|2010= 70
|2020= 60
|estyear=2024
|estimate=57
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 25, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 70 people, 39 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|411.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|364.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 39 households, of which 12.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.8% were non-families. 48.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 57 years. 12.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 20.1% were from 45 to 64; and 40% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 88 people, 42 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|501.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 42 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 1.1% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $25,625. Males had a median income of $16,964 versus $11,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,677. There were 8.7% of families and 20.8% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and 18.5% of those over 64.

