==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 350
|2020= 486
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 324 people, 108 households, and 81 families residing in the community. The population density was {{convert|643.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 78.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 14.81% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 23.77% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.39.

The population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $44,167, and the median income for a family was $41,042. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $28,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $16,821. About 13.6% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.

