==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 305
|1940= 287
|1950= 387
|1960= 346
|1970= 382
|1980= 491
|1990= 462
|2000= 568
|2010= 729
|2020= 750
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 568 people, 248 households, and 150 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|714.3|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 254 housing units at an average density of 319.4/sq&nbsp;mi (122.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 248 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 35.2% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $48,929. Males had a median income of $35,375 versus $23,036 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,323. About 1.3% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.2% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

