==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 315
|1930= 334
|1940= 432
|1950= 448
|1960= 555
|1970= 608
|1980= 521
|1990= 483
|2000= 464
|2010= 427
|2020= 441
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 464 people, 185 households, and 145 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|767.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 193 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 99.14% White, 0.65% African American, 0.00% Native American, 0.00% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.00% from other races, and 0.22% from two or more races. 0.43% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 185 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 31.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $100,125, and the median income for a family was $145,799. Males had a median income of $105,327 versus $73,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $71,612. 5.8% of the population and 2.6% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 16.3% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

