==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 395
|1910= 401
|1920= 402
|1930= 348
|1940= 425
|1950= 383
|1960= 430
|1970= 442
|1980= 377
|1990= 278
|2000= 391
|2010= 362
|2020= 306
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 306 people, 173 households, and 101 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|1,104.69|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 143 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|516.25|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.58% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.20% were married couples living together, 12.14% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.62% were non-families. 40.46% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.97% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 2.14.

The village's age distribution consisted of 20.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 27% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $49,464, and the median income for a family was $57,404. Males had a median income of $44,500 versus $35,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,676. About 5.9% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 24.8% of those age 65 or over.

