==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 295
|1930= 302
|1940= 208
|1950= 235
|1960= 226
|1970= 153
|1980= 122
|1990= 109
|2000= 82
|2010= 47
|2020= 84
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 14, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="Census 2010">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 47 people, 26 households, and 12 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|36.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|32.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 26 households, of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.8% were non-families. 53.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the town was 50.5 years. 12.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.8% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 31.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.4% male and 42.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 82 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|62.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.44% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 78.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $24,167 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,066. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

