==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1940= 371
|1950= 360
|1960= 297
|1970= 214
|1980= 118
|1990= 91
|2000= 96
|2010= 116
|2020= 172
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 96 people, 41 households, and 25 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|72.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.75% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 6.25% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 41 households, out of which 19.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,075. There were 13.3% of families and 29.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 59.1% of under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

