==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 318
|1880= 250
|1890= 272
|1900= 231
|1910= 234
|1920= 258
|1930= 244
|1940= 279
|1950= 313
|1960= 355
|1970= 323
|1980= 317
|1990= 268
|2000= 312
|2010= 272
|2020= 245
|estyear=2023
|estimate=241
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 U.S. Census|census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref> of 2020, there were 245 people, 123 households,<ref name="Households">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 American Community Survey 5-year estimates, Catawba Village, Ohio - S1101: Households and Families|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref> and 81 families living in the village.<ref name="Households" /> The [[population density]] was {{convert|942.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 127 housing units<ref name="Housing Units">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 American Community Survey 5-year estimates, Catawba village, Ohio - DP05: ACS Demographics and Housing Estimates |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDP5Y2022.DP05?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref> at an average density of {{convert|488.26|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0% of the population.<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 Decennial Census, Catawba village, Ohio - P1: Race|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref>

There were 123 households, of which 19.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no spouse present, 1.6% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 34.1% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.00.<ref name="Households" />

The median age in the village was 48.4 years. 16.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 30.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.4% male and 45.5% female.<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 American Community Survey - 5 year estimates, Catawba village, Ohio - S0101: Age & Sex |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S0101?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref>

The median income for a household in the village was $41,615, and the median income for a family was $46,250.<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 American Community Survey - 5 year estimates, Catawba village, Ohio - S1901: Income in the Past 12 Months (in 2020-inflation adjusted dollars) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1901?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio&moe=false |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref> 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 American Community Survey - 5 year estimates, Catawba village, Ohio - S1701: Poverty Status in the Past 12 Months |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref> The [[Unemployment#Labor force participation rate|labor force participation rate]] for those aged 20 to 64 was 75.5%.<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 American Community Survey - 5 year estimates, Catawba village, Ohio - S2301: Employment Status |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2301?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref> 88.8% of the population over the age of 25 had obtained a [[high school diploma]] or [[HSED|equivalency]], 8.3% of those over the age of 25 held [[bachelor's degrees]].<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census Bureau 2020 American Community Survey - 5 year estimates, Catawba village, Ohio - S1501: Educational Attainment |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Catawba%20village,%20Ohio |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 7, 2024}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov" /> of 2010, there were 272 people, 95 households, and 72 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1046.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 44.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the village was 36.5 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 312 people, 106 households, and 85 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,221.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|438.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.56% from two or more races.

There were 106 households, out of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.8% were non-families. 12.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.4% of the population under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the village was $39,659, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $34,167 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,261. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

