==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 114
|1900= 417
|1910= 717
|1920= 857
|1930= 751
|1940= 730
|1950= 541
|1960= 471
|1970= 442
|1980= 455
|1990= 461
|2000= 478
|2010= 436
|2020= 208
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1774873 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 208 people, 136 households, and 107 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|89.93|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|47.99|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.25% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 51.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.68% were married couples living together, 21.32% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.32% were non-families. 15.44% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.62% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.77 and the average family size was 4.04.

The village's age distribution consisted of 47.6% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 67.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 54.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,929, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $21,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,080. About 31.8% of families and 33.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.6% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Thebes racial composition'''<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1774873&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=March 8, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|176
|84.62%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|7
|3.37%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|12
|5.77%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|13
|6.25%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''208'''
|
|}

