==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870=  797
|1880=  799
|1890=  834
|1900=  771
|1910=  797
|1920=  800
|1930=  783
|1940=  906
|1950= 1194
|1960= 1250
|1970= 1344
|1980= 1198
|1990= 1367
|2000= 1210
|2010= 1409
|2020= 1371
| estimate=1376
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1870–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popbur_04.htm Population Data for Burlington County Municipalities, 1800 - 2000], WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref> 1870–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed August 7, 2013.</ref><br>1870<ref>Raum, John O. [https://books.google.com/books?id=5qZ4AAAAMAAJ&pg=PA265 ''The History of New Jersey: From Its Earliest Settlement to the Present Time, Volume 1''], p. 265, J. E. Potter and company, 1877. Accessed August 7, 2013. "The thriving village of Pemberton is in this township and contained a population in 1870 of 797; the celebrated Brown's Mills are also here."</ref><ref>Staff. [https://books.google.com/books?id=gNwIAAAAQAAJ&pg=PA259 ''A compendium of the ninth census, 1870''], p. 259. [[United States Census Bureau]], 1872. Accessed August 7, 2013.</ref> 1880–1890<ref>Porter, Robert Percival. [https://books.google.com/books?id=8gUkQkJdLpsC&pg=PA97 ''Preliminary Results as Contained in the Eleventh Census Bulletins: Volume III - 51 to 75''], p. 97. [[United States Census Bureau]], 1890. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref><br>1890–1910<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA335 ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 335. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref> 1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA714 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 714. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400557480 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Pemberton borough, Burlington County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212101906/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400557480 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_bur/pemberton1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Pemberton borough], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===

The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,409 people, 581 households, and 404 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2408.7|/sqmi}}. There were 642 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1097.5|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 74.38% (1,048) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 15.26% (215) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.21% (3) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 3.26% (46) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.12% (44) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 3.76% (53) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 12.70% (179) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 581 households, 25.1% had children under the age of 18; 51.3% were married couples living together; 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present and 30.5% were non-families. Of all households, 24.1% were made up of individuals and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.79.<ref name=Census2010/>

19.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 33.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.1 years. For every 100 females, the population had 90.7 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 90.5 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $65,568 (with a margin of error of +/− $9,899) and the median family income was $74,773 (+/− $17,679). Males had a median income of $44,750 (+/− $5,830) versus $46,406 (+/− $8,202) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $36,399 (+/− $6,078). About 2.8% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 1.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400557480 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Pemberton borough, Burlington County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212084847/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400557480 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed June 21, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,210 people, 470 households, and 316 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,034.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 513 housing units at an average density of {{convert|862.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 78.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.60% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603457480.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Pemberton borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150201144245/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603457480.pdf |date=2015-02-01 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400557480 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Pemberton borough, Burlington County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212092728/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400557480 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed August 30, 2012.</ref>

There were 470 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.06.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $44,063, and the median income for a family was $48,500. Males had a median income of $34,911 versus $25,474 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,909. About 7.2% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under age 18 and 1.0% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

