==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 263
|1930= 276
|1940= 239
|1950= 223
|1960= 192
|1970= 164
|1980= 213
|1990= 183
|2000= 124
|2010= 124
|2020= 89
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 52 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|885.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.6% of the population.

There were 52 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 44.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.48.

The median age in the city was 31 years. 34.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 124 people, 57 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|921.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|564.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 57 households, out of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 13.7% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 35.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,357. There were 12.5% of families and 17.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 41.7% of under eighteens and 21.2% of those over 64.

