==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 66
|1920= 92
|1930= 91
|1940= 96
|1950= 89
|1960= 98
|1970= 158
|1980= 191
|1990= 171
|2000= 197
|2010= 185
|2020= 170
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archivedate=April 26, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=February 12, 2020|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 185 people, 82 households, and 58 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|342.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.3% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.52.

The median age in the city was 50.8 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 197 people, 82 households, and 63 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|370.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 82 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.0% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,393, and the median income for a family was $34,286. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,736.  About 7.4% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

