==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 119
|1980= 311
|1990= 334
|2000= 396
|2010= 390
|2020= 465
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 390 people, 170 households, and 125 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|684.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 312 housing units at an average density of {{convert|547.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 170 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the village was 50.3 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 396 people, 168 households, and 133 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|566.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|417.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.01% from two or more races.

There were 168 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $44,479, and the median income for a family was $54,063. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,030. About 5.7% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

