==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 141
|1920= 140
|1930= 147
|1940= 132
|1950= 112
|1960= 106
|1970= 102
|1980= 77
|1990= 74
|2000= 57
|2010= 51
|2020= 56
|estyear=2021
|estimate=57
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 51 people, 27 households, and 14 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|175.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 27 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.1% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 15.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.4% were from 25 to 44; 37.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 57 people, 27 households, and 16 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|198.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|104.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 27 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40.7% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 14.0% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,917. None of the population or the families were below the [[poverty line]].

