==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 567
|1880= 716
|1890= 792
|1900= 655
|1910= 690
|1920= 611
|1930= 418
|1940= 394
|1950= 358
|1960= 387
|1970= 330
|1980= 356
|1990= 320
|2000= 353
|2010= 238
|2020= 289
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 238 people, 88 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|290.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|193.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 88 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the town was 56.5 years. 13.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 35.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 40.8% male and 59.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 353 people, 123 households, and 86 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|423.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 32.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,717. About 14.5% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

