==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 368
|1900= 648
|1910= 1019
|1920= 1112
|1930= 1053
|1940= 1077
|1950= 1189
|1960= 1424
|1970= 1485
|1980= 1308
|1990= 1247
|2000= 1053
|2010= 984
|2020= 983
|estyear=2022
|estimate=959
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 984 people, 477 households, and 254 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1014.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 543 housing units at an average density of {{convert|559.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 477 households, of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.8% were non-families. 44.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 52.3 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 29.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,053 people, 489 households, and 270 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,128.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 563 housing units at an average density of {{convert|603.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 489 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.6% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 32.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,705, and the median income for a family was $41,307. Males had a median income of $26,688 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,334. About 5.5% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.7% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

