==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 166
|1900= 380
|1910= 359
|1920= 405
|1930= 375
|1940= 456
|1950= 388
|1960= 327
|1970= 263
|1980= 290
|1990= 247
|2000= 205
|2010= 168
|2020= 148
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 168 people, 82 households, and 52 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|420.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.6% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 53.8 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.8% were from 25 to 44; 35.6% were from 45 to 64; and 29.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 205 people, 93 households, and 58 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|512.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 23.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,888.  About 6.7% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.4% of those 65 or over.

