==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title  = Beulah Valley CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|1,164
|2010|556
|2020|518
}}

<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,164 people, 497 households, and 356 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|10.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 718 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.01% of the population.

There were 497 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 37.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $46,369, and the median income for a family was $58,259. Males had a median income of $37,031 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,252. About 1.6% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
 -->

The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Beulah Valley CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}{{clear left}}
{{clear}}

