==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 60
|1930= 97
|1940= 48
|1950= 76
|1960= 50
|1970= 34
|1980= 23
|1990= 22
|2000= 23
|2010= 16
|2020= 21
|estyear=2022
|estimate=21
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 14, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 14, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 16, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 16 people in 9 households, including 5 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|16.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|10.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 100.0% White.

Of the 9 households 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were married couples living together, and 44.4% were non-families. 44.4% of households were one person and 11.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.40.

The median age was 63.5 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 18.8% were from 45 to 64; and 43.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 62.5% male and 37.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 23 people in 9 households, including 8 families, in the city. The population density was 23.3 people per square mile (9.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 15 housing units at an average density of 15.2 per square mile (5.8/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 9 households 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.1% were non-families. No households were one person and none had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.50.

The age distribution was 30.4% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 34.8% 65 or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 130.0 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 128.6 males.

The median household income was $23,750 and the median family income was $23,750. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $13,750 for females. The per capita income for the city was $10,206. There are 18.2% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 30.3% of the population, including 50.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

