==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 529
|1880= 737
|1890= 819
|1900= 1127
|1910= 963
|1920= 872
|1930= 738
|1940= 854
|1950= 733
|1960= 644
|1970= 730
|1980= 689
|1990= 564
|2000= 533
|2010= 471
|2020= 440
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 471 people, 225 households, and 124 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|611.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 225 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 46.4 years. 17.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 31.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 533 people, 253 households, and 129 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|764.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|423.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.19% of the population.

There were 253 households, out of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.0% were non-families. 45.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $35,568. Males had a median income of $25,156 versus $16,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,699. About 10.9% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.4% of those under age 18 and 17.0% of those age 65 or over.

