==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 92
| 1990 = 126
| 2000 = 126
| 2010 = 124
| 2020 = 81
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 87
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2015|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 126 people, 55 households, and 33 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|180.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.83% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 3.17% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 55 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $12,500, and the median income for a family was $25,357. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,283. There were 25.0% of families and 38.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under 18 and 37.1% of those over 64.

