==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1900= 215
|1910= 42
|1920= 152
|1930= 174
|1940= 169
|1950= 198
|1960= 205
|1970= 268
|1980= 353
|1990= 279
|2000= 232
|2010= 139
|2020= 156
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 232 people, 101 households, and 62 families residing in the village.  The population density was 533.6 people per square mile (208.3/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 118 housing units at an average density of 271.4/sq&nbsp;mi (106.0/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 93.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.88% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.86% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.59% of the population.

There were 101 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were married couples living together, 1.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 23.3% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 17.7% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $67,500, and the median income for a family was $85,776. Males had a median income of $66,250 versus $48,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $40,884.  About 3.6% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.4% of those 65 or over.

