==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 167
|1900= 206
|1910= 292
|1920= 329
|1930= 148
|1950= 202
|1960= 290
|1970= 163
|1980= 169
|1990= 142
|2000= 72
|2010= 113
|2020= 118
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> there were 72 people, 27 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|248.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 11.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 27 households, out of which 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.8% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $58,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,181. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].{{clear left}}

