==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 911
|1930= 1343
|1940= 1344
|1950= 1540
|1960= 2028
|1970= 2566
|1980= 2249
|1990= 2341
|2000= 1970
|2010= 1908
|2020= 1978
| estimate=1984
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed October 17, 2013.</ref> 1920–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popcam_04.htm Population Data for Camden County Municipalities, 1850 - 2000], WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed October 6, 2012.</ref> 1920–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA715 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States: 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 715. Accessed October 6, 2012.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400739210 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Laurel Springs borough, Camden County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212111637/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400739210 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 6, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cam/laurelsprings1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Laurel Springs borough]{{Dead link|date=February 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed October 6, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===

The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,908 people, 727 households, and 506 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4163.7|/sqmi}}. There were 771 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1682.5|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 92.87% (1,772) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 3.46% (66) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.10% (2) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 1.00% (19) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.31% (25) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.26% (24) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 3.88% (74) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 727 households, 29.6% had children under the age of 18; 51.3% were married couples living together; 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present and 30.4% were non-families. Of all households, 25.7% were made up of individuals and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.15.<ref name=Census2010/>

22.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.5 years. For every 100 females, the population had 95.9 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 94.1 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $69,405 (with a margin of error of +/− $8,221) and the median family income was $83,750 (+/− $12,497). Males had a median income of $57,900 (+/− $10,860) versus $49,028 (+/− $11,130) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $29,139 (+/− $3,021). About 11.4% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400739210 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Laurel Springs borough, Camden County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212082815/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3400739210 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 6, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,970 people, 762 households, and 534 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,213.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 806 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,723.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 94.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.96% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.62% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603439210.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Laurel Springs borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20070711060048/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603439210.pdf |date=2007-07-11 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 6, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400739210 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Laurel Springs borough, Camden County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212094908/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400739210 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 6, 2012.</ref>

There were 762 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.16.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $52,500, and the median income for a family was $58,854. Males had a median income of $41,349 versus $30,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,254. About 1.9% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.4% of those under age 18 and 1.4% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

