==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 110
|1900= 109
|1910= 140
|1920= 131
|1930= 159
|1940= 154
|1950= 167
|1960= 171
|1970= 165
|1980= 151
|1990= 106
|2000= 102
|2010= 106
|2020= 85
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 102 people, 47 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|307.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Indigenous peoples of the Americas|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asia]]n, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.00% from other races, and 0.00% from two or more races.  0.00% of the population are [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race.

There were 47 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.3% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.49.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $31,500. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,051. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

