==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 865
|2020= 935
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name=2020Census>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Neah+Bay+CDP,+Washington|title=2020 Census Data|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 21, 2023}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 865 people, 282 households, and 181 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 335.8 people per square mile (129.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 322 housing units at an average density of 136.2/sq&nbsp;mi (52.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 12.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 77.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], .7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.42% of the population.

There were 282 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were married couples living together, 17.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.38.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 34.0% under the age of 18, 12.5% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 5.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,635, and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,338. About 26.3% of families and 29.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.6% of those under age 18 and 32.6% of those age 65 or over.

