==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 149
|1910= 240
|1920= 303
|1930= 308
|1940= 296
|1950= 298
|1960= 310
|1970= 351
|1980= 340
|1990= 364
|2000= 384
|2010= 551
|2020= 537
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 384 people, 100 households, and 75 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|996.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.18% White, 0.52% African American, 0.78% Pacific Islander, and 0.52% from two or more races.

There were 100 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were married couples living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 18.61 and the average family size was 24.09. 
In the borough the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 41.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females there were 70.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 60.7 males. The median income for a household in the borough was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $25,750 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,501. About 7.7% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

