==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 160
|1910= 377
|1920= 344
|1930= 463
|1940= 242
|1950= 207
|1960= 209
|1970= 201
|1980= 305
|1990= 243
|2000= 311
|2010= 381
|2020= 336
| estyear=2022
| estimate=340
| estref=<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2022/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2022-POP-13.xlsx |title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places in Georgia: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2022|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=April 12, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 311 people, 127 households, and 84 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|207.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 72.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 26.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.96% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 127 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,000, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $31,333 versus $19,191 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,009.  About 3.4% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under age 18 and 41.9% of those age 65 or over.

