==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 1598
|1920= 1169
|1930= 1380
|1940= 1106
|1950= 1201
|1960= 1298
|1970= 1320
|1980= 1310
|1990= 1243
|2000= 1250
|2010= 1127
|2020= 1103
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1097
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were one thousand two hundred and fifty people, five hundred and thirteen households and three hundred and nineteen families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|599.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were five hundred and fifty housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 98.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.80% of the population.

There were five hundred and thirteen households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of eighteen, 6.7% from eighteen to twenty-four, 25.7% from twenty-five to forty-four, 20.9% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 19.2% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-eight years.

For every one hundred females there were 92.0 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $25,987, and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $30,417 compared with that of $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,253.

About 9.8% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under age 18 and 15.7% of those aged sixty-five or over.

