==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 140
|1900= 288
|1910= 497
|1920= 299
|1930= 310
|1940= 337
|1950= 355
|1960= 288
|1970= 291
|1980= 227
|1990= 204
|2000= 194
|2010= 198
|2020= 203
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 194 people, 67 households, and 48 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,783.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|864.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.55% from two or more races.

There were 67 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.9% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,411. None of the families and 1.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 7.4% of those over 64.

