==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1788
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,788 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 3,317.25 people per square mile (1,281.21/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 832 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 78.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 9.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 7.2% from two or more races. 4.3% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Rossmoyne CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Rossmoyne_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3968714 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=27 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 677 households, out of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.7% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 30.6% had a female householder with no spouse present. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12, and the average family size was 2.97.<ref name="2020 census"/>

15.2% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 62.6% were 18 to 64, and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.9. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $44,078, and the median income for a family was $85,156. About 10.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 0.9% of those age 65 or over. About 71.1% of the population were employed, and 23.7% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

