==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 193
|1990= 340
|2000= 641
|2010= 414
|2020= 1033
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census there were 414 people living year-round in the town. 203 or 49.0% were male, and 211 or 51.0% were female. Among the permanent population, the median age was 63.3 years, the population under 5 years was 4 or 1.0%, 17 and under was 14 or 3.4%, 18 and over was 400 or 96.6%, and 65 and over was 188 or 45.4% of the population. There were 8 families with children (3.4% of total households) residing in the town.<ref name="Census 2010 DP-1">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US4523020| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Edisto Beach town, South Carolina| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=July 2, 2015| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213115212/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US4523020| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

The [[population density]] in 2010 was 195 people per square mile (75.2/km{{sup|2}}). There were 2,181 housing units, with 232 or 10.6% owner-occupied and 1,903 or 87.2% rental or vacation units. The racial demographic was 409 or 98.8% [[White American|white]], 4 or 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0 [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American or Alaska Native]], 0 [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1 or 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 0 from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2 or 0.5% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP-1"/>

There were 232 households in 2010, out of which about 3.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.13.<ref name="Census 2010 DP-1"/>

For the period 2009–13, the estimated [[median income]] for a household in the town was $67,875, and the median income for a family was $100,500. Male full-time workers had a median income of $39,583 versus $48,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $56,597. The estimated number of residents in the labor force was 286 or 49.1% (16 and older), and the mean travel time to work was 29.7 minutes. The unemployed rate was 14 or 2.4% of the work force. Two hundred ninety-six residents or 50.9% were not in the labor force.<ref>{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4523020| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2009-2013 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Edisto Beach town, South Carolina| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=July 2, 2015| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213045154/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/13_5YR/DP03/1600000US4523020| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

