==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2152
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000 there were 3,937 people, 1,746 households, and 1,188 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|708.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 909 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 855 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $43,222, and the median income for a family was $51,211. Males had a median income of $45,507 versus $31,985 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,897. About 4.6% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

