==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 158
|1920= 155
|1930= 210
|1940= 176
|1950= 154
|1960= 117
|1970= 88
|1980= 102
|1990= 69
|2000= 69
|2010= 61
|2020= 55
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 61 people, 29 households, and 17 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|217.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.3% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 39.6 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 57.4% male and 42.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 69 people, 31 households, and 19 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|248.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|129.4|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 31 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 29.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,831. There were 12.5% of families and 14.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

