==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 349
| 1980 = 392
| 1990 = 451
| 2000 = 423
| 2010 = 439
| 2020 = 433
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 439 people, 179 households, and 126 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|368.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 197 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 179 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 40.9 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 423 people, 170 households, and 122 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 388.3 people per square mile (149.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 177 housing units at an average density of 162.5 per square mile (62.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 95.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.71% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.65% from two or more races. 1.42% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 170 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,125, and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $40,500 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,895. None of the families and 3.0% of the population was living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 10.9% of those over 64.

