==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 381
|1930= 368
|1940= 356
|1950= 312
|1960= 272
|1970= 267
|1980= 329
|1990= 377
|2000= 358
|2010= 323
|2020= 337
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 323 people, 104 households, and 90 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1538.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.7% of the population.

There were 104 households, of which 41.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 13.5% were non-families. 11.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.11 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the city was 33.8 years. 31.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 358 people, 98 households, and 83 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,458.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|448.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 85.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 13.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.92% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 53.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.3% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.65 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 41.6% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,938, and the median income for a family was $41,500. Males had a median income of $35,455 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,532.  About 11.5% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

