==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 357
|1890= 377
|1900= 770
|1910= 701
|1920= 697
|1930= 619
|1940= 646
|1950= 554
|1960= 599
|1970= 588
|1980= 783
|1990= 704
|2000= 638
|2010= 598
|2020= 562
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 598 people, 256 households, and 143 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|580.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 311 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 256 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the city was 45.7 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 27.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 638 people, 273 households, and 173 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|621.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 321 housing units at an average density of {{convert|312.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.78% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.41% of the population.

There were 273 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the city the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 28.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,875, and the median income for a family was $30,703. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $18,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,928. About 11.3% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 25.2% of those age 65 or over.

