==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 156
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 170 people, 76 households, and 50 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|101.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 75.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.76% of the population.

There were 76 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.80.

One of Coronaca's most well known residents was a kid in the [[Vine (service)|Vine]] that says "LEGITNESS." {{citation needed|date=November 2023}}

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,500, and the median income for a family was $50,114. Males had a median income of $42,000 versus $18,882 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,219. None of the families and 8.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

