==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 127
|1880= 269
|1890= 321
|1900= 245
|1910= 218
|1920= 321
|1930= 297
|1940= 367
|1950= 217
|1960= 211
|1970= 208
|1980= 271
|1990= 261
|2000= 188
|2010= 248
|2020= 299
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 188 people, 60 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 186.3 people per square mile (71.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 89 housing units at an average density of 88.2 per square mile (34.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.53% from two or more races.

There were 60 households, out of which 48.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 15.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.13 and the average family size was 3.51.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.4% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $60,893, and the median income for a family was $65,000. Males had a median income of $40,972 versus $31,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,519. About 3.6% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.5% of those 65 or over.

