==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 167
|1980= 157
|1990= 171
|2000= 176
|2010= 173
|2020= 151
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 173 people, 61 households, and 47 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|80.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.5% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.0% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 36.1 years. Of the residents, 27.2% were under the age of 18, 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 25.9% were from 25 to 44, 25.9% were from 45 to 64, and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 43.9% male and 56.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 176 people, 67 households, and 46 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|82.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|34.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.57% of the population.

There were 67 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,813, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $18,250 versus $17,969 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,551. About 12.5% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

