==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 201
|2010= 191
|2020= 190
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Willow Creek first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 201 people, 80 households, and 52 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|5.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.07% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 5.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.46% from two or more races.  1.00% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 80 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were married couples living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 27.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $48,750 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,242.  About 3.6% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 7.7% of those 65 or over.

