==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 314
|1920= 400
|1930= 379
|1940= 362
|1950= 326
|1960= 258
|1970= 241
|1980= 184
|1990= 173
|2000= 122
|2010= 135
|2020= 129
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 135 people, 67 households, and 35 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|900.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|520.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.8% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the town was 47.8 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 122 people, 64 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|816.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|555.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 64 households, out of which 14.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 46.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.6% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 35.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,464, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $18,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,955. There were no families and 4.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.6% of those over 64.

