==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 193
|2020= 184
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><br/>2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Edna first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

===2020===
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Edna had a population of 184. The population density was {{convert|150.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Edna was 152 (82.6%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 1 (0.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.5%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 13 (7.1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 17 (9.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 20 persons (10.9%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Edna CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0621565 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 7, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 81 households, out of which 32 (39.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 55 (67.9%) were married-couple households, 3 (3.7%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 6 (7.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 17 (21.0%) had a male householder with no partner present. 18 households (22.2%) were one person, and 8 (9.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.27.<ref name=DP1/> There were 62 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (76.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Edna CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0621565 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 7, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 34 people (18.5%) under the age of 18, 8 people (4.3%) aged 18 to 24, 33 people (17.9%) aged 25 to 44, 60 people (32.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 49 people (26.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 51.8{{nbsp}}years. There were 111 males and 73 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 81 (96.4%) were occupied. Of these, 61 (75.3%) were owner-occupied, and 20 (24.7%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

