==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 258
| 1920 = 2692
| 1930 = 1806
| 1940 = 1828
| 1950 = 2262
| 1960 = 2286
| 1970 = 1953
| 1980 = 2277
| 1990 = 1789
| 2000 = 1815
| 2010 = 1847
| 2020 = 1651
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1709
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,847 people, 778 households, and 488 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1014.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 879 housing units at an average density of {{convert|483.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 10.7% of the population.

There were 778 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the town was 40.1 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,815 people, 781 households, and 500 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,018.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 923 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 4.74% of the population.

There were 781 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,674, and the median income for a family was $36,964. Males had a median income of $29,063 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,383. About 12.0% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.1% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

