==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 15
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 19 people, 8 households, and 5 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|97.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 12 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 68.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 26.32% from two or more races.

There were 8 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 37.5% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 171.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 160.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $13,125, and the median income for a family was $6,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,033. There are 100.0% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 75.0% of the population, including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

