==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 133
|1940= 126
|1950= 179
|1960= 191
|1970= 187
|1980= 174
|1990= 178
|2000= 163
|2010= 242
|2020= 238
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{{Coord|45|41|53|N|93|38|53|W|type:city_region:US-MN|display=title}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 242 people, 86 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|265.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 44.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.7% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 29.3 years. 31.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 6.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 163 people, 62 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|376.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 36.8% from 25 to 44, 12.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,833, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,344. About 12.5% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

