==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 98
|1940= 48
|1950= 116
|1960= 253
|1970= 540
|1980= 635
|1990= 807
|2000= 625
|2010= 654
|2020= 592
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 625 people, 254 households, and 184 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|457.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 307 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.64% White [[Caucasian (U.S. Census)|Caucasian]], 0.16% Black [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.16% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.92% of the population.

There were 254 households, out of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.5% were married couples living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.1% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 39.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $103,262, and the median income for a family was $118,128. Males had a median income of $81,644 versus $41,406 for females. The per capita income for the village was $51,159. None of the families and 2.6% of the population were living below the poverty line, including nobody under 18 and 4.1% of those over 64.

