==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|387
|1910|390
|1920|396
|1930|374
|1940|392
|1950|337
|1960|394
|1970|387
|1980|429
|1990|367
|2000|370
|2010|363
|2020|295
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 295 people, 134 households, and 69 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 173.7 inhabitants per square mile (67.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 146 housing units at an average density of 86.0 per square mile (33.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from other races and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.0% of the population.

Of the 134 households, 27.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% were cohabitating couples, 23.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 29.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 48.5% of all households were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 23.1% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 and 44; 32.2% were from 45 and 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 363 people, 153 households, and 91 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|238.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 153 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.5% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 38.3 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 370 people, 154 households, and 97 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|554.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 154 households, out of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.11.

28.9% are under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,396, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,242. About 5.2% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.

