==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1900 = 382
| 1910 = 425
| 1920 = 614
| 1930 = 412
| 1940 = 408
| 1950 = 389
| 1960 = 316
| 1970 = 285
| 1980 = 265
| 1990 = 322
| 2000 = 307
| 2010 = 283
| 2020 = 228
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Tehuacana, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Tehuacana%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 7, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 307 people, 132 households, and 86 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|190.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.93% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.93% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,469, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $21,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,965. About 8.5% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

