==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 419
|2020= 433
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 419 people, 165 households, and 113 families residing in the CDP.    There were 263 housing units.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 62.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.46% of the population.

There were 165 households, out of which 31.52% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.21% contained [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.73% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.52% were non-families. 24.85% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.76% under the age of 18, 11.46% from 18 to 24, 20.05% from 25 to 44, 30.07% from 45 to 64, and 17.66% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43.3 years.

