==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 517
|1940= 463
|1950= 477
|1960= 388
|1970= 465
|1980= 728
|1990= 747
|2000= 785
|2010= 688
|2020= 630
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 630 people, 239 households, and 190 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|403.59|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|171.68|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 239 households, out of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.07% were married couples living together, 18.41% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.50% were non-families. 18.83% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.95% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 2.77.

The village's age distribution consisted of 25.7% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 16% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $49,911, and the median income for a family was $55,000. Males had a median income of $38,542 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,333. About 11.6% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 3.0% of those age 65 or over.

{{as of|2025}}, Webber High School, in Bluford, was ranked 390th of high schools in the state of Illinois.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.usnews.com/education/best-high-schools/illinois/districts/bluford-unit-school-district-318/webber-high-school-153371 |title=Webber High School|work=U.S. News & World Report|access-date=April 14, 2025}}</ref>

