==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 338
|1920= 483
|1930= 457
|1940= 467
|1950= 330
|1960= 264
|1970= 211
|1980= 158
|1990= 121
|2000= 92
|2010= 85
|2020= 108
|estyear=2023
|estimate=103
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 11, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 11, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 85 people, 42 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|257.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 42 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were married couples living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 47.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 18.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.8% male and 41.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 92 people, 44 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|282.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 1.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 44 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 18.5% from 25 to 44, 44.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 130.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $27,188. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $14,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,497. There were 18.5% of families and 30.1% of the population living below the poverty line, including 55.6% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

