==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 478
|2020= 467
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Sierra Brooks first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Sierra Brooks had a population of 467. The population density was {{convert|340.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Sierra Brooks was 370 (79.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.4%) [[African Americans|African American]], 7 (1.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (0.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 5 (1.1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 80 (17.1%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 65 persons (13.9%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Sierra Brooks CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0671774 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 184 households, out of which 64 (34.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 114 (62.0%) were married-couple households, 9 (4.9%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 35 (19.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 26 (14.1%) had a male householder with no partner present. 32 households (17.4%) were one person, and 16 (8.7%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.54.<ref name=DP1/> There were 147 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (79.9% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Sierra Brooks CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0671774 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 116 people (24.8%) under the age of 18, 10 people (2.1%) aged 18 to 24, 102 people (21.8%) aged 25 to 44, 133 people (28.5%) aged 45 to 64, and 106 people (22.7%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 46.8{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 206 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 184 (89.3%) were occupied. Of these, 176 (95.7%) were owner-occupied, and 8 (4.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

