==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 257
|1920= 244
|1930= 344
|1940= 322
|1950= 194
|1960= 199
|1970= 215
|1980= 244
|1990= 178
|2000= 148
|2010= 157
|2020= 144
|estyear=2024
|estimate=139
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 157 people, 71 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|266.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 71 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.7% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 21% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.7% male and 43.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 148 people, 67 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|251.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 61.1% were of [[norwegians|Norwegian]] and 21.4% [[germans|German]] ancestry.

There were 67 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,344, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,397. There were 10.8% of families and 11.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of under eighteens and 12.2% of those over 64.

