==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 6241
|2000= 5593
|2010= 6177
|2020= 7452
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/plymouthmeetingcdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the CDP was 82.2% Non-Hispanic White, 6.2% Black or African American, 8.4% Asian, 0.6% were Some Other Race, and 1.4% were two or more races. 2.1% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>[https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA#locality-tab Census 2010: Pennsylvania]. Usatoday.Com. Retrieved on 2013-07-21.</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, 5,593 people, 2,215 households, and 1,557 families resided in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,478.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}} living in 2,285 housing units at an average density of {{convert|604.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.91% of the population.

28.4% of households had children under age 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $57,601, and the median income for a family was $71,585. Males had a median income of $50,813 versus $38,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $31,254. About 3.0% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.

