==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 345
|1890= 842
|1900= 1140
|1910= 1167
|1920= 1115
|1930= 1219
|1940= 1344
|1950= 1460
|1960= 1505
|1970= 1592
|1980= 1569
|1990= 1571
|2000= 1384
|2010= 1395
|2020= 1347
| estimate=1368
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small> 1880–1890<ref>[http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v1-10.pdf#page=29 ''Report on Population of the United States at the Eleventh Census: 1890. Part I''], p. 239. [[United States Census Bureau]], 1895. Accessed October 20, 2016.</ref><br>1900–2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popsal_04.htm Population Data for Salem County Municipalities, 1810 - 2000], WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref> 1900–1920<ref>[https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/25218?show=full ''Compendium of censuses 1726-1905: together with the tabulated returns of 1905''], [[New Jersey Department of State]], 1906. Accessed October 9, 2013.</ref><br>1900–1910<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=T9HrAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA338 ''Thirteenth Census of the United States, 1910: Population by Counties and Minor Civil Divisions, 1910, 1900, 1890''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 338. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref> 1910–1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA718 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 718. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref><br>1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref> 2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/><br>2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3403321240 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Elmer borough, Salem County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212104059/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3403321240 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_sal/elmer1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Elmer borough] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150527080704/http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_sal/elmer1.pdf |date=2015-05-27 }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 1,395 people, 536 households, and 391 families in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,612.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 577 housing units at an average density of {{convert|666.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 94.05% (1,312) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 2.15% (30) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.57% (8) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.79% (11) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.29% (18) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.15% (16) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 3.15% (44) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 536 households, 31.3% had children under the age of 18; 51.5% were married couples living together; 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 27.1% were non-families. Of all households, 22.2% were made up of individuals and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.00.<ref name=Census2010/>

22.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.1 years. For every 100 females, the population had 95.7 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 96.5 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $65,417 (with a margin of error of +/− $8,616) and the median family income was $78,661 (+/− $5,812). Males had a median income of $51,685 (+/− $7,458) versus $41,042 (+/− $9,148) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $29,065 (+/− $2,585). About 7.8% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3403321240 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Elmer borough, Salem County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212084652/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3403321240 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,384 people, 524 households, and 385 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,599.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 557 housing units at an average density of {{convert|643.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.52% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603421240.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Elmer borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150527062413/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603421240.pdf |date=2015-05-27 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3403321240 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Elmer borough, Salem County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212094454/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3403321240 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed January 17, 2013.</ref>

There were 524 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.06.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $46,172, and the median income for a family was $58,438. Males had a median income of $39,896 versus $27,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,356. About 4.6% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 3.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

