==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 386
|1920= 447
|1930= 517
|1940= 584
|1950= 693
|1960= 757
|1970= 849
|1980= 1041
|1990= 964
|2000= 968
|2010= 1094
|2020= 1006
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,094 people, 453 households, and 270 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1229.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 532 housing units at an average density of {{convert|597.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 453 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 42.1 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 968 people, 419 households, and 274 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,107.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 498 housing units at an average density of {{convert|569.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and less than 1%  [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]],  [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and  from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]..

There were 419 households, out of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,078, and the median income for a family was $32,333. Males had a median income of $22,969 versus $17,411 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,978. About 11.3% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.1% of those under age 18 and 18.8% of those age 65 or over.

