==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 256
| 1890 = 451
| 1900 = 550
| 1910 = 748
| 1920 = 794
| 1930 = 747
| 1940 = 764
| 1950 = 714
| 1960 = 511
| 1970 = 620
| 1980 = 616
| 1990 = 608
| 2000 = 711
| 2010 = 739
| 2020 = 594
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 596
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 711 people, 276 households, and 197 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|201.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 92.55% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 4.50% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races.  2.95% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 276 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town the population had 30.8% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,132, and the median income for a family was $31,625. Males had a median income of $25,729 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,092.  About 11.3% of families and 19.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under age 18 and 19.8% of those age 65 or over.

