==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1150
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=35&place_id=1710&cty_id=|title = Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 85.53% 
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 14.47%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,183 people, 256 households, and 229 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|29.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.06% of the population.

There were 256 households, out of which 59.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 28.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.5% were non-families. 8.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.62 and the average family size was 4.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 41.9% under the age of 18, 13.3% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 12.2% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $15,347, and the median income for a family was $15,060. Males had a median income of $18,125 versus $17,308 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $4,039. About 65.9% of families and 69.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 72.5% of those under age 18 and 62.0% of those age 65 or over.

