==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 64
|1890= 109
|1900= 116
|1910= 233
|1920= 130
|1930= 120
|1940= 136
|1950= 141
|1960= 155
|1970= 121
|1980= 155
|1990= 139
|2000= 122
|2010= 104
|2020= 101
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 104 people, 49 households, and 37 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1040.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|590.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 16.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.5% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the village was 49 years. 9.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 122 people, 53 households, and 38 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,177.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|578.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 53 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.66.

The age distribution was as follows: 20.5% under the age of 18, 13.1% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $42,000. Males had a median income of $24,861 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,112. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

