==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 637
|1910= 675
|1920= 353
|1930= 376
|1940= 317
|1950= 421
|1960= 366
|1970= 341
|1980= 399
|1990= 330
|2000= 376
|2010= 469
|2020= 394
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2015 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 376 people, 157 households, and 108 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|298.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|162.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population.

There were 157 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $29,063. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $28,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,134. About 20.5% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

