==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 370
|1910= 523
|1920= 394
|1930= 456
|1940= 405
|1950= 410
|1960= 509
|1970= 522
|1980= 525
|1990= 605
|2000= 587
|2010= 562
|2020= 498
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 Census===

As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web |title=United States Census Bureau |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Corwith_township,_Otsego_County,_Michigan?g=060XX00US2613718320#housing |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=U.S. Department Of Commerce |access-date=December 8, 2023 |ref=1}}</ref> of 2020, there were 498 people, 207 households, and 376
families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 456
inhabitants per square mile (176.29/km^2). There were 257 housing units at
an average density of 235 per square mile (57/km^2). The racial makeup of
the village was 94.8% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|White]], 1.9% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|African American]], 0.22% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Native]] American, and 2.58% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Latino]] if any race were 0.64%
of the population.

There were 207 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18
living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married]] couples living together, 18.8% had a
female householder without a husband present, 21.7% had a male householder
without a wife present, and 0.4% were non-families. 182 of all households
were made up of individuals, of which 23 of them had someone living alone
who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and
the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 21.4% of residents were under
the age of 18; 31% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 72% were from the
age of 25 to 44; 1.14% were from the age of 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65
years or older. The gender makeup of the village was 59.1% male and 40.9%
female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 562 people, 237 households, and 145 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|497.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 278 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 237 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 44 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 587 people, 241 households, and 148 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|530.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 269 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.34% from two or more races.

There were 241 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,969, and the median income for a family was $37,857. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $19,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,973. None of the families and 6.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.9% of those over 64.

