==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 256
|1910= 322
|1920= 429
|1930= 601
|1940= 573
|1950= 533
|1960= 513
|1970= 453
|1980= 379
|1990= 328
|2000= 293
|2010= 225
|2020= 184
|estyear=2021
|estimate=180
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 293 people, 125 households, and 81 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,424.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 133&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,554.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 96.93% White, 1.71% African American, and 1.37% from other races.

There were 125 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were married couples living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 37&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 96.6&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 99.1&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,781, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $27,708 versus $21,538 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,063. About 9.2% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty-five or over.

