==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1880= 149
|1900= 505
|1910= 419
|1920= 464
|1930= 452
|1940= 457
|1950= 476
|1960= 468
|1970= 489
|1980= 560
|1990= 561
|2000= 592
|2010= 583
|2020= 560
|estyear=2022
|estimate=566
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 22, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 22, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

Good Thunder is part of the [[Mankato, Minnesota|Mankato]]–[[North Mankato, Minnesota|North Mankato]] [[Mankato – North Mankato metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
Someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.21.

As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 583 people, 227 households, and 155 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|910.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|378.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 227 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 34 years. 27.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 10.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 592 people, 217 households, and 161 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|945.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.69% from two or more races.

There were 217 households, out of which 43.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had 
In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.8% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $45,469. Males had a median income of $31,375 versus $21,146 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,524.  About 12.4% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

