==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 1056
| 2010 = 1742
| 2020 = 2369
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web|url =http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Rock20Hill|title =Rock Hill, NY CensusViewer}}{{dead link|date=April 2018 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}</ref> of 2010, 1,742 people, 439 households, and 303 families were residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|283.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,023 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 81.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 12.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.40% of the population.

There were 439 households, 27.3% of which had children under 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 24.8% of all households comprised individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.6 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $50,833, and the median income for a family was $53,708. Males had a median income of $45,417 versus $30,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,602. About 3.1% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

Rock Hill is home to a large sleepaway camp, formerly Camp Sequoia, established in 1932. Since a 2001 ownership change, the camp is currently known as Iroquois Springs.

Rock Hill is home to the Crescent Hill Synagogue, which opened in 1961.  In 2014, the synagogue opened for year-round services, previously only serving the community in the summer.

