==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 220
|1900= 175
|1910= 248
|1920= 264
|1930= 400
|1940= 465
|1950= 461
|1960= 446
|1970= 517
|1980= 498
|1990= 505
|2000= 619
|2010= 766
|2020= 968
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
In the 1960s the town had a stable population of approximately 400 individuals.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 766 people, 350 households, and 213 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|781.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 397 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 350 households, of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the town was 38.4 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 619 people, 278 households, and 177 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|877.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|422.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 278 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,778, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,625. About 22.2% of families and 23.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.0% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.

