==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 338
|1990= 552
|2000= 470
|2010= 457
|2020= 479
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N,NAME&for=place:*&in=state:45&key=5ccd0821c15d9f4520e2dcc0f8d92b2ec9336108|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Briarcliffe Acres racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4508830&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|461
|96.24%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|7
|1.46%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.42%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|5
|1.04%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|4
|0.84%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 479 people, 201 households, and 136 families residing in the town.

A 2022 U.S. Census American Community Survey showed that Briarcliffe Acres has a mean household income of $134,375. [[MSN.com]] named the city fourth richest in South Carolina in 2024, and ''[[Forbes]]'' said it was sixth richest in 2023.<ref>{{cite news|url=https://www.myrtlebeachonline.com/news/local/article289157239.html#storylink=latest_side|title=Can you afford to live in this Horry County town that is among top richest cities in SC?|last=Richardson|first=Terri|work=[[The Sun News]]|date=June 11, 2024}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 470 people, 200 households, and 145 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|719.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.85% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 200 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 17.2% from 25 to 44, 35.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $82,437, and the median income for a family was $100,000. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $29,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $52,871. None of the families and 1.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 1.5% of those over 64.

