==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 299
|1860= 419
|1870= 448
|1880= 440
|1890= 311
|1900= 381
|1910= 424
|1920= 671
|1930= 721
|1940= 705
|1950= 695
|1960= 1313
|1970= 1934
|1980= 2159
|1990= 2041
|2000= 2497
|2010= 2686
|2020= 2596
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2569
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name= "GR2"/><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web |title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |work=Population Estimates |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name= "DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name= "USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name= "GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,497 people, 1,070 households, and 714 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,333.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,064.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 1,070 households, of which 31.0% had children under 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33, and the average family size was 2.91.

The borough's population was spread out, with 24.4% under 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $39,700, and the median income for a family was $52,056. Males had a median income of $39,097 versus $25,804 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,090. About 4.6% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those aged 65 or over.

