==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 723
|1900= 581
|1910= 438
|1920= 422
|1930= 299
|1940= 342
|1950= 318
|1960= 329
|1970= 291
|1980= 291
|1990= 261
|2000= 217
|2010= 232
|2020= 212
|estyear=2021
|estimate=210
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 232 people, 92 households, and 69 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|892.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.7% from two or more races.

There were 92 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the town was 41 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 217 people, 89 households, and 59 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|826.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|392.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.92% from two or more races.

There were 89 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The [[median income]] for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $26,964. Males had a median income of $26,071 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,453. About 21.7% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.8% of those 65 or over.

