==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 43
|1900= 196
|1910= 184
|1920= 192
|1930= 151
|1940= 251
|1950= 208
|1960= 213
|1970= 231
|1980= 279
|1990= 215
|2000= 220
|2010= 280
|2020= 262
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 280 people, 121 households, and 85 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|717.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 121 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 42.7 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 19.7% were from 45 to 64; and 25.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000,{{update after|2011|11|28}} there were 220 people, 104 households, and 61 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|562.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.36% of the population.

There were 104 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $37,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,182. About 3.4% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those 65 or over.

