==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 3699
|2000= 3680
|2010= 5446
|2020= 5910
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/fortwashingtoncdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, the CDP was 86.2% White, 4.5% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 6.2% Asian, 0.5% were Some Other Race, and 1.3% were two or more races. 1.8% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>[https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA#locality-tab Census 2010: Pennsylvania]. Usatoday.Com. Retrieved on 2013-07-21.</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 3,680 people, 1,161 households, and 1,013 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,349.9|pd/sqmi}}. There were 1,173 housing units at an average density of {{cvt|430.3|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the community was 91.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.03% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] (0.46% Asian Indian, 2.20% Chinese, 1.93% Korean, 0.16% Vietnamese, 0.27% Other Asian), 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.(0.08% Mexican, 0.19% Puerto Rican, 0.11% Cuban, 0.33% Other Hispanic). 90.65% of the population was White, non-Hispanic.

There were 1,161 households, out of which 45.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.7% were non-families. 10.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.06 and the average family size was 3.32.

The population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $103,469, and the median income for a family was $112,863. Males had a median income of $76,205 versus $37,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $43,090. About 1.5% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

