==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 216
|1920= 237
|1930= 203
|1940= 180
|1950= 152
|1960= 128
|1970= 116
|1980= 104
|1990= 91
|2000= 73
|2010= 77
|2020= 50
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 50 people, 29 households, and 16 families in Elsmore.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 328.9 per square mile (127.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 39 housing units at an average density of 256.6 per square mile (99.1/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 98.0% (49) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (98.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.0% (1) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 29 households, 37.9% had children under the age of 18; 31.0% were married couples living together; 27.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 34.5% of households consisted of individuals and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 3.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 6.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

22.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 26.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 85.7 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median family income was $51,875 (+/- $39,023).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $27,188 (+/- $20,514) versus $26,667 (+/- $7,052) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $26,964 (+/- $3,440).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Elsmore%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-02 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 77 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|513.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 35 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 29.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[United States Census, 2000|U.S. Census in 2000]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 73 people, 35 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|476.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the city was 95.89% [[White American|White]], 2.74% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], and 1.37% from [[Multiracial|two or more races]].

There were 35 [[household]]s, out of which 11.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.43.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.1% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 30.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 143.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 138.5 males.

The [[Median household income|median income for a household]] in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,600. There were 16.7% of families and 11.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

