==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1676
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 2,856 people, 854 households and 615 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,769.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 916 housing units at an average density of {{convert|567.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.74% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.39% of the population.

There were 854 households, of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.04.

18.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $39,872 and the median family income was $42,358. Males had a median income of $33,393 versus $27,717 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,901. About 3.6% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.2% of those under age 18 and 2.4% of those age 65 or over.

