==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 58
|1920= 166
|1930= 188
|1940= 307
|1950= 386
|1960= 457
|1970= 522
|1980= 644
|1990= 547
|2000= 521
|2010= 552
|2020= 451
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Pink Hill racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3752400&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 263
| 58.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 90
| 19.96%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 15
| 3.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 83
| 18.4%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 451 people, 247 households, and 144 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 520 people, 206 households, and 142 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,112.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|497.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 62.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 13.63% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.77% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 9.98% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.19% from two or more races.

There were 206 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,656, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $25,536 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,730. About 16.3% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

