==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 280
|1890= 377
|1930= 512
|1940= 518
|1950= 508
|1960= 663
|1970= 672
|1980= 617
|1990= 769
|2000= 618
|2010= 607
|2020= 553
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===Early census===

As of 1914, Sharpsville had a population of approximately 700.<ref name="Pershing130">[https://books.google.com/books?id=NJFuAAAAMAAJ&dq=Indiana&pg=PA130 Pershing, p. 130]</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 607 people, 227 households, and 168 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2529.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 255 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1062.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 227 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.0% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the town was 38.2 years. 28% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 9.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 618 people, 232 households, and 179 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,795.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 243 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,099.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.29% of the population.

There were 232 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $52,292, and the median income for a family was $58,750. Males had a median income of $46,389 versus $30,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,480. About 1.2% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

