==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 48
|2020= 31
|estyear=2023
|estimate=13
|estref=<ref name="Cubit">{{cite web|title=North Dakota Cities by Population |url=https://www.northdakota-demographics.com/cities_by_population |publisher=North Dakota Demographics by Cubit |access-date=July 22, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (CDP)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 31 people, 12 households, and 10 families residing in the CDP.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Auburn%20CDP,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=July 22, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|30.85|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.91|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.23% from some other races and 0.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.00% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Auburn CDP, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/auburn-cdp-north-dakota/160-3803740/ |access-date=July 22, 2025 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010, there were 48 people, 17 households, and 11 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|47.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 0.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 6.25% of the population.

There were 17 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.73.

The median age in the CDP was 43.5 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

