==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 296
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref>American FactFinder" (http://factfinder.census.gov {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20080521160844/http://factfinder.census.gov./ |date=May 21, 2008 }} {{cite web |url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/legacy/aff_sunset.html |title=Unknown |access-date=June 20, 2022}}{{dead link|date=June 2022|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}). United States Census Bureau. Retrieved 2010-02-19</ref> of 2010, there were 365 people, 139 households, and 100 families residing in Natural Bridge. The racial makeup of the population was 94.8% White, 1.1% African American, 2.2% American Indian and Alaska Native, 0.3% Asian, and 1.1% from two or more races. 2.2% were Hispanic or Latino, 1.4% Mexican and 0.8% Puerto Rican.

There were 139 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were Husband and Wife, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.1% were Nonfamily. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $26,838, and the median income for a family was $25,662. Males had a median income of $18,571 versus $15,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,349. About 20.4% of families and 26.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

