==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1950 = 1353
| 1960 = 1122
| 1970 = 903
| 1980 = 981
| 1990 = 705
| 2000 = 474
| 2010 = 579
| 2020 = 422
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 579 people, 260 households, and 150 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|288.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 326 housing units at an average density of {{convert|162.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.6% from two or more races.

There were 260 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.3% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the town was 39.3 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.1% male and 45.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 474 people, 190 households, and 125 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 239.8 inhabitants per square mile (92.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 239 housing units at an average density of 120.9 per square mile (46.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 190 households, out of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $26,625. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,237. Although Delbarton is located in the heart of the richest [[coal]] area of West Virginia, about 30.1% of families and 34.3% of the population live below the [[poverty line]], including 48.8% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

