==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 366
|2000= 410
|2010= 330
|2020= 325
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790-2000)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |access-date=2010-07-31
  }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 410 people, 189 households, and 113 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|701.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 424 housing units at an average density of {{convert|725.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 73.90% [[Race (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.78% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.20% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.22% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 12.93% from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.63% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 17.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 35.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years.  For every 100 females there were 114.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $49,167, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $35,938 versus $36,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the area was $28,481.  About 10.1% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under the age of 18 and none of those ages 65 and older.

