==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 476
|1910= 455
|1920= 419
|1930= 362
|1940= 377
|1950= 456
|1960= 522
|1970= 552
|1980= 455
|1990= 388
|2000= 375
|2010= 399
|2020= 308
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 375 people, 164 households, and 103 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|374.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 196 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial composition of the village was 96.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|aboriginal American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.33% of the population.

There were 164 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 years living with them, 51.8% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were composed of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18 years, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,000, and the median income for a family was $46,667. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $26,500 for females. The per capita income for the village was $19,119. About 3.2% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

