==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 293
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 346 people, 130 households, and 95 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|379.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.56% of the population.

There were 130 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.1% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $51,875. Males had a median income of $35,938 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,707. About 7.8% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 23.6% of those age 65 or over.

