==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 224
|1890= 730
|1900= 674
|1910= 661
|1920= 619
|1930= 690
|1940= 625
|1950= 535
|1960= 463
|1970= 508
|1980= 513
|1990= 365
|2000= 409
|2010= 363
|2020= 315
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 409 people, 178 households, and 100 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|844.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|388.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.49% from two or more races.

There were 178 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $22,604, and the median income for a family was $34,500. Males had a median income of $23,500 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,042. About 10.4% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

