==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 240
|1940= 239
|1950= 205
|1960= 207
|1970= 192
|1980= 261
|1990= 226
|2000= 244
|2010= 215
|2020= 179
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 215 people, 98 households, and 63 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|895.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|512.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 98 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 48.4 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 244 people, 108 households, and 77 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|971.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|509.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.18% White and 0.82% Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.71. In the city the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 89.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,179, and the median income for a family was $35,139. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,002. About 19.2% of families and 20.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.5% of those 65 or over.

