==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 123
| 1920 = 281
| 1930 = 260
| 1940 = 349
| 1950 = 424
| 1960 = 497
| 1970 = 344
| 1980 = 415
| 1990 = 190
| 2000 = 235
| 2010 = 245
|2020= 211
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 245 people, 94 households, and 72 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|105.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.4% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. census)|other races]], and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.0% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.4% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the town was 47.5 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 37% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 235 people, 94 households, and 67 families living in the town. The population density was 100.1 people per square mile (38.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 123 housing units at an average density of 52.4 per square mile (20.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.17% White, 3.40% Native American and 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]]. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.53% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were married couples living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,306, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $25,250 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,602. About 14.1% of families and 24.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.3% of those 65 or over.

