==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 235
|1920= 138
|1930= 189
|1940= 179
|1950= 229
|1960= 177
|1970= 246
|1980= 149
|1990= 78
|2000= 76
|2010= 62
|2020= 64
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 62 people, 32 households, and 16 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|248.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 32 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 40.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the town was 56 years. 12.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 38.7% were from 45 to 64; and 29% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 76 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 272.2 people per square mile (104.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 52 housing units at an average density of 186.2 per square mile (71.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 89.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.37% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 1.3% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 34.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $13,750. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,116. There were 36.4% of families and 28.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.3% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

