==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 357
|1900= 345
|1910= 326
|1920= 333
|1930= 208
|1940= 304
|1950= 328
|1960= 381
|1970= 431
|1980= 471
|1990= 461
|2000= 469
|2010= 516
|2020= 536
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Waco racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1379808&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-12|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|490
|91.42%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|17
|3.17%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.37%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|3
|0.56%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|18
|3.36%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|6
|1.12%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 536 people, 200 households, and 151 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 469 people, 189 households, and 130 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|291.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.21% from two or more races.

There were 189 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,667, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $29,000 versus $21,094 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,076.  About 9.5% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.0% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

