==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 230
|1930= 294
|1940= 248
|1950= 246
|1960= 252
|1970= 315
|1980= 321
|1990= 267
|2000= 243
|2010= 210
|2020= 193
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 210 people, 98 households, and 57 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|807.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|446.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 98 households, of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.8% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 243 people, 108 households, and 69 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|959.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|465.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.41% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $45,938. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,637. About 7.6% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.8% of those 65 or over.

