==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 355
|1940= 403
|1950= 330
|1960= 343
|1970= 268
|1980= 314
|1990= 281
|2000= 233
|2010= 272
|2020= 266
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Sebastopol racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2866280&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=June 1, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|207
|77.82%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|45
|16.92%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.38%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|3
|1.13%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|10
|3.76%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''278'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 266 people, 115 households, and 81 families residing in the town.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 233 people, 107 households, and 66 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|159.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.86% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.72% of the population.

There were 107 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 21.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $26,625 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,630. About 9.5% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.2% of those sixty-five or over.

