==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 325
|1930= 285
|1940= 481
|1950= 415
|1960= 398
|1970= 538
|1980= 581
|1990= 625
|2000= 710
|2010= 720
|2020= 783
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 720 people, 303 households, and 179 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1241.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 360 housing units at an average density of {{convert|620.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 303 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 40.8 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 710 people, 279 households, and 176 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,336.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 316 housing units at an average density of 230.2/km<sup>2</sup> or 594.8/sq&nbsp;mi. The racial makeup of the town was 90.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.52% of the population.

There were 279 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,221, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $21,071 versus $20,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,658. About 19.5% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.6% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

