==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1293
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,273 people, 553 households, and 397 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|758.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 586 housing units at an average density of {{convert|349.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 553 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,469, and the median income for a family was $40,473. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,542. About 13.2% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.0% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

