==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 1820
|1980= 1635
|1990= 1147
|2000= 461
|2010= 539
|2020= 309
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Fort Greely first appeared as an unincorporated military installation on the 1970 U.S. Census. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 461 people, 126 households, and 112 families residing in the CDP.  The [[population density]] was 2.7/sq&nbsp;mi (1.1/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 354 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 65.73% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 19.74% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.30% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.30% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 1.95% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.29% from two or more races.  15.40% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 126 households, 73.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.1% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.25 and the average family size was 3.53.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.6% under the age of 18, 16.1% from 18 to 24, 43.4% from 25 to 44, 2.0% from 45 to 64, .  The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $32,969. Males had a median income of $26,544 versus $21,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,368.  About 11.6% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

