==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 297
|1920= 267
|1930= 259
|1940= 215
|1950= 207
|1960= 196
|1970= 163
|1980= 139
|1990= 106
|2000= 90
|2010= 59
|2020= 75
|estyear=2022
|estimate=74
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 59 people, 29 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|84.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.4% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 51.9 years. 15.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 44.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 90 people, 36 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|128.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.67% of the population.

There were 36 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 32.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,599. There were 8.3% of families and 10.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under 18 and 25.0% of those over 64.

