==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 232 people, 104 households, and 79 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|44.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|32.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 68.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 15.95% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 14.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.00% of the population.

There were 104 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 35.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,384. About 11.5% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.9% of those 65 or over. -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Arboles CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}} In the 2020 census, Arboles had a population of 308, a 10% increase from the 2010 census.
{{Historical populations
|title  = Arboles CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|232
|2010|280
|2020|308
}}
{{clear}}

