==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1797
|1880= 2443
|1890= 2864
|1900= 2444
|1910= 2762
|1920= 2747
|1930= 2725
|1940= 2770
|1950= 2935
|1960= 2809
|1970= 2809
|1980= 2555
|1990= 2416
|2000= 2288
|2010= 2322
|2020= 1930
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,288 people, 960 households, and 599 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,680.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|813.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.44% of the population.

There were 960 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,476, and the median income for a family was $40,302. Males had a median income of $28,462 versus $21,557 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,369. About 10.5% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

