==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 232
|1890= 329
|1900= 434
|1910= 564
|1920= 498
|1930= 524
|1940= 615
|1950= 520
|1960= 554
|1970= 575
|1980= 680
|1990= 1419
|2000= 1657
|2010= 1753
|2020= 1496
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Shannon Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2866720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|488
|32.62%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|919
|61.43%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|4
|0.27%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|2
|0.13%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|59
|3.94%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|24
|1.6%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,496 people, 700 households, and 416 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,657 people, 632 households, and 437 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|403.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 691 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 44.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 54.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 632 households, out of which 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,773, and the median income for a family was $30,848. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $20,149 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,592. About 16.3% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

