==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 188
| 1890 = 387
| 1900 = 213
| 1910 = 252
| 1920 = 227
| 1930 = 177
| 1940 = 181
| 1950 = 179
| 1960 = 225
| 1970 = 290
| 1980 = 316
| 1990 = 356
| 2000 = 421
| 2010 = 456
| 2020 = 609
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 655
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 421 people, 169 households, and 113 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 127.0/km{{sup|2}} (328.6/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 178 housing units at an average density of 53.7/km{{sup|2}} (138.9/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 97.39% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 2.61% from two or more races.  2.14% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 169 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $37,375. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $17,426 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,309.  About 6.3% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 31.3% of those age 65 or over.

