==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 147
|1880= 217
|1890= 138
|1910= 210
|1930= 390
|1940= 508
|1950= 721
|1960= 870
|1970= 1179
|1980= 1126
|1990= 1125
|2000= 1713
|2010= 1601
|2020= 1462
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Spencer racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4770240&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 26, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,396
| 95.49%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 6
| 0.41%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.27%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 31
| 2.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 23
| 1.57%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,462 people, 561 households, and 363 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,601 people residing in 632 households, with an average household size of 2.35.  The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

Within the 632 households, 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.1% had someone who was 65 years of age or older.

The town's population age spread was: 23.0% up to the age of 19, 10.4% from 20 to 29, 12.1% from 30 to 39, 11.7% from 40 to 49, 16.5% from 50 to 59, 14.7% from 60 to 99, and 11.6% who were 70 years of age or older. The median age was 43.4 years. Women comprise 51.2% of the population.

The median income for a household in the town was estimated at $19,033, while the [[per capita income]] was $13,555. 34.3% of the population was estimated to be below the [[poverty line]].  No data was available as to health insurance coverage.

