==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 510
|1890= 536
|1900= 542
|1910= 700
|1920= 778
|1930= 794
|1940= 977
|1950= 973
|1960= 1082
|1970= 1090
|1980= 1057
|1990= 1013
|2000= 1020
|2010= 979
|2020= 997
|estyear=2022
|estimate=996
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 979 people, 418 households, and 239 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1052.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 456 housing units at an average density of {{convert|490.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 418 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.8% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 38.8 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 20% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,020 people, 434 households, and 255 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,083.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 459 housing units at an average density of {{convert|487.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The city's racial makeup was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 434 households, of which 27.0% had children under 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.0% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.7% who were 65 or older. The median age was 44. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 75.1 males.

The ciry's median household income was $29,236 and median family income was $38,462. Men had a median income of $31,161 versus $21,691 for women. The [[per capita income]] was $17,087. About 8.2% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.8% of those under 18 and 16.9% of those 65 or older.

