==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 846
|2000= 875
|2010= 933
|2020= 946
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=March 21, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210321050514/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;" 
|+'''Martin's Additions village, Maryland – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small> 
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small> 
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Martin's Additions village, Maryland |url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2450965&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref> 
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Martin's Additions village, Maryland |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2450965&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref> 
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Martin's Additions village, Maryland|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2450965&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref> 
!% 2000 
!% 2010 
!{{partial|% 2020}} 
|- 
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH) 
|821
|844
|style='background: #ffffe6; |834
|93.83% 
|90.46% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |88.16% 
|- 
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH) 
|1
|6 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |17 
|0.11% 
|0.64% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.80% 
|- 
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH) 
|0 
|0 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1 
|0.00% 
|0.00% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.11% 
|- 
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH) 
|11
|35
|style='background: #ffffe6; |32 
|1.26% 
|3.75% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.38% 
|- 
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH) 
|0
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0 
|0.00% 
|0.54% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00% 
|- 
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH) 
|1 
|3 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5 
|0.11% 
|0.32% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.53% 
|- 
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH) 
|12
|10
|style='background: #ffffe6; |25
|1.37% 
|1.07% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2.64% 
|- 
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race) 
|29
|30
|style='background: #ffffe6; |32 
|3.31% 
|3.22% 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.38% 
|- 
|'''Total''' 
|'''875''' 
|'''933''' 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''946''' 
|'''100.00%''' 
|'''100.00%''' 
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%''' 
|}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov" /> of 2020, there were 946 people, 342 households and 202 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|6757.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 330 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2357.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 342 households, of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present and 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present. 10.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.18 and the average family size was 3.35

The median age in the village was 43.6 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.0% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2450965 |access-date=2022-04-24 |website=data.census.gov}} {{PD-notice}}</ref> of 2010, there were 933 people, 321 households, and 269 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|6664.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 329 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2350.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 321 households, of which 44.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 16.2% were non-families. 13.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 44.3 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 875 people, 309 households, and 258 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|6,524.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 312 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,326.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.31% of the population.

There were 309 households, out of which 46.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.2% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $135,443, and the median income for a family was $144,939. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $91,112 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $59,502. About 1.5% of families and 1.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

