==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 609
|1910= 578
|1920= 298
|1930= 302
|1940= 266
|1950= 251
|1960= 448
|1970= 409
|1980= 340
|1990= 355
|2000= 378
|2010= 375
|2020= 362
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 375 people, 211 households, and 103 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|326.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 347 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 211 households, of which 12.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.2% were non-families. 46.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the village was 56.8 years. 13.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 29.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 378 people, 187 households, and 104 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|328.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 276 housing units at an average density of {{convert|239.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.53% from two or more races.

There were 187 households, out of which 16.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.6% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 19.3% from 25 to 44, 35.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $39,722, and the median income for a family was $52,813. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $24,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $27,850.  About 2.7% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

