==Demographics==
===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,811 people, 1,138 households, and 869 families living in the community. The [[population density]] was 801.4 people per square mile (309.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,194 housing units at an average density of 340.4/sq&nbsp;mi (131.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the community was 99.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 1,138 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.85.

The community's age distribution is 22.1% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.

The median income for a Pinch household is $46,516, and the median income for a family was $55,848. Males had a median income of $40,456 versus $35,203 for females. The [[per capita income]] in Pinch is $21,398. About 6.0% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 19.9% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 3262 people, 1,150 households, and 850 families living in the community. The [[population density]] was 780.5 people per square mile (301.4/km2). There were 1,180 housing units at an average density of 338.0/sq mi (130.5/km2). The racial makeup of the community was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.<ref name="Census2010">{{cite web |title=2010 Census Population of [Pinch] |url=https://www.census.gov/2010census/ |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 19, 2025}}</ref>

===2020 census===

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 2,914 people, 1,120 households, and 840 families living in the community. The [[population density]] was 760.0 people per square mile (293.5/km2). There were 1,345 housing units at an average density of 335.0/sq mi (129.5/km2). The racial makeup of the community was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.<ref name="Census2020">{{cite web |title=2020 Census Population of [Pinch] |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/ |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 19, 2025}}</ref>

{{US Census population
|1910= 
|1920= 
|1930= 
|1940= 
|1950= 
|1960= 
|1970= 
|1980= 
|1990= 
|2000= 2811
|2010= 3262
|2020= 2914
|estyear=2025
|estimate=
|estref=<ref>https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/west-virginia/pinch</ref>
}}

