==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 256
|1900= 339
|1910= 583
|1920= 689
|1930= 556
|1940= 502
|1950= 429
|1960= 330
|1970= 277
|1980= 227
|1990= 217
|2000= 157
|2010= 138
|2020= 129
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 138 people, 73 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|250.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.8% of the population.

There were 73 households, of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.5% were non-families. 41.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.45.

The median age in the town was 47 years. 14.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 157 people, 70 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|285.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. Five of the people in the town call themselves Hispanic or Latino.

There were 70 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,392. None of the families and 5.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 27.3% of those over 64.

