==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 379
|1980= 698
|1990= 671
|2000= 664
|2010= 723
|2020= 735
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archive-date=April 26, 2015}}</ref><br/>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census Ider had a population of 723. The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 93.2% non-Hispanic white, 0.6% black or African American, 4.0% Native American, 0.1% some other race, 2.1% from two or more races and 0.1% Hispanic or Latino or any race.<ref>2010 general population and housing profile for Ider from the US census</ref>

As of the census of 2000, there were 664 people, 282 households, and 192 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|122.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 310 housing units at an average density of {{convert|57.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.39% White, 0.00% Black, 1.20% Native American, 0.45% from other races, and 1.96% from two or more races. 0.60% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 282 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,563, and the median income for a family was $36,146. Males had a median income of $30,139 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,040. About 13.6% of families and 19.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 18.6% of those age 65 or over.

