==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 365
|1910= 410
|1920= 398
|1930= 309
|1940= 352
|1950= 455
|1960= 1252
|1970= 1418
|1980= 1556
|1990= 1736
|2000= 2690
|2010= 2235
|2020= 2274
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Pacolet racial composition<ref name=":0">{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4553845&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 10, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,650
|72.56%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|427
|18.78%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|13
|0.57%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|15
|0.66%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|107
|4.71%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|62
|2.73%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,274 people, 957 households, and 590 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 2,235 people, 962 households, and 625 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|750|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 962 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.7|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Native Hawaiians|Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander|Other Pacific Islander]] 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 1,070 households, out of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,494, and the median income for a family was $41,367. Males had a median income of $30,592 versus $22,440 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,856. About 10.4% of families and 15.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 22.6% of those age 65 or over.

