==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 49
| 1980 = 69
| 1990 = 84
| 2000 = 74
| 2010 = 64
| 2020 = 78
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 83
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 74 people, 29 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|26.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.59% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 4.05% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.35% from two or more races.

There were 29 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $78,750, and the median income for a family was $91,875. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $56,436, which is the [[Arkansas locations by per capita income|highest per capita income in the state]]. There were no families and 4.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

