==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 897
|2010= 1520
|2020= 1614
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1649
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Hemby Bridge racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3730620&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,225
| 75.9%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 108
| 6.69%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.37%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 36
| 2.23%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 83
| 5.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 156
| 9.67%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,615 people, 618 households, and 492 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
There were 341 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.6% were non-families. 15.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.91.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 35.2% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $52,813, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $32,404 versus $24,342 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $28,046. About 10.6% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 19.9% of those age 65 or over.

