==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 580
|1890= 579
|1900= 488
|1910= 478
|1920= 367
|1930= 359
|1940= 454
|1950= 507
|1960= 495
|1970= 547
|1980= 456
|1990= 803
|2000= 769
|2010= 609
|2020= 583
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}
From 1880 until 1910, Courtland was the largest town in Lawrence County, losing the distinction in 1920 to the county seat of [[Moulton, Alabama|Moulton]], which has held it to date.<ref>1880-2010 U.S. Censuses research on Lawrence County, Alabama Communities</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 769 people, 316 households, and 210 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|331.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 363 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 54.23% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 40.44% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.08% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.86% from two or more races. 0.91% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 316 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $36,000. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,456. About 18.1% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 32.9% of those age 65 or over.

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Courtland racial composition<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Courtland%20town,%20Alabama&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P1 |access-date=2026-05-06 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|281
|48.19%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|241
|41.34%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|9
|1.54%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.17%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|51
|8.75%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|8
|1.37%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 583 people, 293 households, and 211 families residing in the city.

