==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 603
|1880= 696
|1890= 616
|1900= 640
|1910= 690
|1920= 628
|1930= 552
|1940= 583
|1950= 718
|1960= 827
|1970= 938
|1980= 924
|1990= 764
|2000= 886
|2010= 958
|2020= 942
|footnote=US Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name=DG>{{cite web|title=US Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 958 people, 394 households, and 261 families in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1088.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 394 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the town was 36.5 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2"/> there were 886 people, 361 households, and 254 families in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,717.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 382 housing units at an average density of {{convert|740.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 361 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $53,611. Males had a median income of $37,431 versus $24,271 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,821. About 7.3% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.

