==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 114
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

Niota first appeared as a [[census-designated place]] in the [[2020 U.S. census]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=2020 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2020/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1753078 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 114 people, 35 households, and 31 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|198.95|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|90.75|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.00% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 62.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 88.57% were married couples living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.43% were non-families. 11.43% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.43% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.43.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 28.2% under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 11.8% from 25 to 44, 44.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 142.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $48,750. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,058. No families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 30.8% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

