==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 167
|1950= 204
|1960= 328
|1970= 284
|1980= 384
|1990= 512
|2000= 406
|2010= 467
|2020= 621
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 467 people, 200 households, and 106 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|373.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 237 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 200 households, of which 16.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the city was 60.3 years. 12.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 41.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.0% male and 54.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 406 people, 174 households and 108 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|337.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|173.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 174 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.94.

Age distribution was 23.6% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median household income was $23,958, and the median family income was $29,583. Males had a median income of $20,417 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,944. About 13.2% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

