==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 150
|1930= 219
|1940= 516
|1950= 481
|1960= 390
|1970= 458
|1980= 513
|1990= 523
|2000= 754
|2010= 771
|2020= 704
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.'' <ref name="census.gov">https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref name="About the Hispanic Population and i">{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Walnut racial composition''' <br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1266725&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=March 5, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>{{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref name="census.gov">https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref name="About the Hispanic Population and i">{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|539
|76.56%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|123
|17.47%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.14%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|30
|4.26%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|11
|1.56%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''704'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 704 people, 383 households, and 244 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 754 people, 319 households, and 202 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|139.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 341 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 319 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,102, and the median income for a family was $23,906. Males had a median income of $29,444 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,212. About 25.1% of families and 26.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.4% of those under age 18 and 40.8% of those age 65 or over.

