==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 513
|1910= 524
|1920= 495
|1930= 414
|1940= 437
|1950= 439
|1960= 380
|1970= 550
|1980= 537
|1990= 511
|2000= 544
|2010= 481
|2020= 465
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 481 people, 200 households, and 130 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|677.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|329.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 200 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the town was 41.4 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 544 people, 210 households, and 140 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,484.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|636.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 210 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,464, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $19,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,127. About 14.1% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

