==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1205
|1990= 1054
|2000= 1028
|2010= 965
|2020= 980
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,028 people, 495 households, and 283 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|2,568.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 622 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,554.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.75% of the population.

There were 495 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $45,089, and the median income for a family was $56,125. Males had a median income of $45,337 versus $31,311 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,674.  About 7.6% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.

