==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 734
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 451 people, 166 households, and 118 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|163.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.22% of the population.

There were 166 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,158, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $31,458 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,363. About 6.5% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

