==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 323 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 363.33 people per square mile (140.22/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 143 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 7.1% from two or more races. 3.7% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Elizabethtown CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Elizabethtown_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3924850 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=12 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 127 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.0% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 48.8% had a female householder with no spouse present. 55.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89, and the average family size was 3.02.<ref name="2020 census"/>

25.4% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 70.0% were 18 to 64, and 4.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.8. For every 100 females, there were 108.7 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $17,946, and the median income for a family was $20,714. About 50.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 72.1% of those under age 18 and 100.0% of those age 65 or over. About 52.7% of the population were employed, and 0.0% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

