==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 92
|1920= 1404
|1930= 2604
|1940= 2691
|1950= 2940
|1960= 3693
|1970= 5376
|1980= 5272
|1990= 5433
|2000= 5126
|2010= 5116
|2020= 5107
|estyear=2023
|estimate=5060
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020===
At the 2020 census there were 5,072 people, and 2,282 households in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,222.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 92.6% White alone, 0.0% African American, 0.1% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, and 4.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.7%.<ref name="GR8">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2024-12-03 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

The median household income was $87,102. The per capita income for the borough was $49,518. About 2.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

===2010===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 5,116 people, 2,216 households, and 1,407 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,197.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,452.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 97% White, 0.7% African American, 0.1% Native American, 1.2% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4%.<ref name="GR8" />

There were 2,216 households, 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 32.3% of households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.95.

The age distribution was 21.3% under the age of 18, 58.3% from 18 to 64, and 20.4% 65 or older. The median age was 45.4 years.

===2000===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 5,126 people, 2,190 households, and 1,438 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,206.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,421.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 97.74% White, 0.39% African American, 0.10% Native American, 1.13% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.23% from other races, and 0.39% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.94%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 2,190 households 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 31.6% of households were one person and 17.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.96.

The age distribution was 22.4% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% 65 or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males. The median household income was $45,298 and the median family income was $65,262. Males had a median income of $48,487 versus $26,398 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $25,080. About 1.3% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

