==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 642
|1890= 1154
|1900= 1458
|1910= 1503
|1920= 1517
|1930= 1590
|1940= 1858
|1950= 1961
|1960= 2039
|1970= 2103
|1980= 2047
|1990= 2003
|2000= 1968
|2010= 1931
|2020= 1854
|estyear=2020
|estimate=1789
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/technical-documentation/research/evaluation-estimates/2020-evaluation-estimates/2010s-cities-and-towns-total.html/|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2010-2020|access-date=June 25, 2021}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,931 people, 838 households, and 509 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1103.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 906 housing units at an average density of {{convert|517.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 838 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.3% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 44.2 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,968 people, 829 households, and 509 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,229.4 people per square mile (474.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 876 housing units at an average density of 547.3 per square mile (211.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.51% from two or more races. 0.20% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 829 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,064, and the median income for a family was $42,260. Males had a median income of $33,000 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,103. About 7.6% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

