==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 657
|1900= 1106
|1910= 1070
|1920= 1218
|1930= 1199
|1940= 1351
|1950= 1790
|1960= 2168
|1970= 2554
|1980= 2255
|1990= 2092
|2000= 1953
|2010= 1858
|2020= 1854
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1820
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=May 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,858 people, 773 households, and 384 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|967.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 872 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 773 households, of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.3% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 37.9 years. 15.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 23.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,953 people, 752 households, and 417 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,216.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 876 housing units at an average density of 545.7/sq mi (210.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 752 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 23.5% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,635, and the median income for a family was $44,931. Males had a median income of $34,107 versus $21,615 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,079. About 6.2% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.4% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

