==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 407
|2010= 370
|2020= 461
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR2"/><ref>{{Cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=&g=1600000US3561220&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P1| title=P1. Race – Ramah CDP, New Mexico: 2010 DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171)| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| access-date=December 11, 2024}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 407 people, 121 households, and 98 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|106.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 64.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.98% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.63% of the population.

There were 121 households, out of which 50.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.36 and the average family size was 3.81.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 37.6% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $35,278. Males had a median income of $17,143 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,419. About 23.0% of families and 31.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.8% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

