==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|2010= 213
|2020= 232
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] counted 232 people, 110 households, and 79 families in Munjor.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Munjor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 100.7 per square mile (38.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 113 housing units at an average density of 49.0 per square mile (18.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Munjor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 89.22% (207) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (87.93% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.86% (2) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.86% (2) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 4.74% (11) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.31% (10) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Munjor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 10.78% (25) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Munjor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 110 households, 22.7% had children under the age of 18; 50.9% were married couples living together; 16.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 21.8% of households consisted of individuals and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 1.4 and the average family size was 1.6.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Munjor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 3.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Munjor%20CDP,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

24.6% of the population was under the age of 18, 1.7% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.9 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 66.7 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 213 people, 99 households, and 66 families residing in the community. There were 112 housing units. The racial makeup of the community was 98.1% [[White American|White]] and 1.9% from some other race. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]s or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]s of any race were 2.3% of the population.<ref name=Census2010>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | url = https://www.census.gov | accessdate = 2011-09-16}}</ref>

There were 99 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15, and the average family size was 2.59.<ref name=Census2010/>

In the community, the population was spread out, with 17.4% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 33.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.1 males age 18 and over.<ref name=Census2010/>

