==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 194
|1900= 200
|1910= 307
|1920= 272
|1930= 233
|1940= 252
|1950= 172
|1960= 152
|1970= 109
|1980= 95
|1990= 69
|2000= 80
|2010= 65
|2020= 45
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 45 people, 21 households, and 11 families in Bluff City.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Bluff%20City%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 88.9 per square mile (34.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were 31 housing units at an average density of 61.3 per square mile (23.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Bluff%20City%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 88.89% (40) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (84.44% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 11.11% (5) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Bluff%20City%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 8.89% (4) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Bluff%20City%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 21 households, 33.3% had children under the age of 18; 23.8% were married couples living together; 14.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 42.9% of households consisted of individuals and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 4.6 and the average family size was 5.2.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Bluff%20City%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Bluff%20City%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

20.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 17.8% from 25 to 44, 35.6% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.7 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 71.4 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 65 people, 29 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|120.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 29 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 55.2% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 42.8 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.4% male and 44.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 80 people, 32 households, and 23 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|147.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 32 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 28.1% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $31,458. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $10,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,030. There were 13.3% of families and 12.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

