==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 5126
|2000= 5203
|2010= 5841
|2020= 6251
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?g=160XX00US5315150 U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the census of 2020,<ref name="CensusProfile" /> there were 6,251 people, 2,082 housing units and 1,825 families in the CDP. The population density was 3,677 people per square mile and the housing density was 1,225 units per square mile. The Racial makeup of the CDP was 79.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.67% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 9.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.79% of the population.

===2000 Census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,203 people, 1,821 households, and 1,161 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 3,066.6 people per square mile (1,181.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,930 housing units at an average density of 1,137.5/sq&nbsp;mi (438.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.92% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.90% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.48% of the population.

There were 1,821 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were married couples living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.2% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 18.9% under the age of 18, 27.4% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,630, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $37,583 versus $23,550 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,514. About 6.6% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 4.5% of those age 65 or over.

