==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 289
|1900= 393
|1910= 384
|1920= 447
|1930= 486
|1940= 511
|1950= 441
|1960= 422
|1970= 409
|1980= 383
|1990= 306
|2000= 279
|2010= 227
|2020= 213
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 227 people, 102 households, and 62 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,289.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{convert|630.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.4% [[Native Hawaiian (U.S. Census)|Native Hawaiian]], 0.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 102 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 102.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,409, and the median income for a family was $45,208. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $36,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $22,999. About 12.3% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.
{{clear|left}}

