==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 6328
|2000= 6549
|2010= 8433
|2020= 8688
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/auduboncdppennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census, the CDP was 78.1% White, 5.2% Black or African American, 13.4% Asian, 0.7% were Some Other Race, and 1.2% were two or more races. 2.3% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>[https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA#locality-tab Census 2010: Pennsylvania]. Usatoday.Com. Retrieved on July 21, 2013.</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 6,549 people, 2,379 households, and 1,750 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,461.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,457 housing units at an average density of {{convert|548.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.03% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.03% of the population.

There were 2,379 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $70,527, and the median income for a family was $80,178. Males had a median income of $51,852 versus $35,965 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,144. About 3.1% of families and 5.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

