==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 504
|1890= 1193
|1900= 1758
|1910= 1846
|1920= 1881
|1930= 1918
|1940= 2361
|1950= 2799
|1960= 3260
|1970= 3454
|1980= 4035
|1990= 4283
|2000= 4350
|2010= 4326
|2020= 4349
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5550425">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Medford city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5550425&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=1 August 2022}}</ref> the population was 4,349. The [[population density]] was {{convert|968.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|481.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.0% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 4.6% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,326 people, 1,982 households, and 1,094 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|959.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 1,982 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.8% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 43 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,350 people. The population density was 1,243.9 people per square mile (479.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,034 housing units at an average density of 581.6 per square mile (224.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.80% from two or more races. 0.57% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,947 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.9% were non-families. 36.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,278, and the median income for a family was $47,045. Males had a median income of $31,840 versus $23,955 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,962. About 4.3% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.9% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

