==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 407
| 1890 = 355
| 1900 = 305
| 1910 = 271
| 1920 = 244
| 1930 = 254
| 1940 = 210
| 1950 = 253
| 1960 = 281
| 1970 = 247
| 1980 = 228
| 1990 = 236
| 2000 = 203
| 2010 = 183
| 2020 = 178
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 203 people, 79 households, and 48 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|722.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.99% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.46% of the population.

There were 79 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the town the age demographic was as follows: 29.1% of the residents were under the age of 18, 8.4% ranged in age from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,656, and the median income for a family was $39,219. Males had a median income of $35,156 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,825. About 10.2% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty-five or over.

