==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 143
|1970= 143
|1980= 263
|1990= 299
|2000= 392
|2010= 387
|2020= 443
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 387 people, 173 households, and 129 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|13.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 585 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 173 households, of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.4% were non-families. 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the city was 56.4 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.6% were from 45 to 64; and 34.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 392 people, 194 households, and 135 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|13.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 515 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.77% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 13.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.39.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.5% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 40.1% from 45 to 64, and 27.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,773, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $48,125 versus $23,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,575.  About 2.9% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

