==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 466
|1900= 434
|1910= 464
|1920= 501
|1930= 447
|1940= 506
|1950= 556
|1960= 589
|1970= 713
|1980= 736
|1990= 654
|2000= 711
|2010= 688
|2020= 646
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020" />
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 688 people, 295 households, and 203 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|417.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 295 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.2% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 45.3 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 711 people, 302 households, and 199 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 432.1 people per square mile (166.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 320 housing units at an average density of 194.5 per square mile (74.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.98% from two or more races. 0.98% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 302 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,294, and the median income for a family was $47,955. Males had a median income of $28,478 versus $25,982 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,189. About 4.9% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

