==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 300
|1920= 420
|1930= 412
|1940= 503
|1950= 571
|1960= 624
|1970= 618
|1980= 600
|1990= 473
|2000= 534
|2010= 448
|2020= 421
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 448 people, 195 households, and 114 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|379.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 223 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 195 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 534 people, 209 households, and 145 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|530.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.19% of the population.

There were 209 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,125, and the median income for a family was $34,107. Males had a median income of $27,708 versus $14,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,623.  About 12.6% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

