==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 162
|2010= 137
|2020= 105
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 162 people, 64 households, and 44 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|704.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.62% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web |url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3034525 |title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (G001): Harrison CDP, Montana |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |work=American Factfinder |accessdate=March 14, 2018 |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213153825/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3034525 |archive-date=February 13, 2020 |url-status=dead }}</ref>

There were 64 households, out of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 32.7% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $39,167. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,287. About 5.3% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.8% of those 65 or over.

The median age for residents in Harrison is 44.7

18.1% of Harrison's residents live in poverty.

