==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 232
|1950= 190
|1960= 190
|1970= 109
|1980= 146
|1990= 117
|2000= 89
|2010= 122
|2020= 100
|estyear=2022
|estimate=96
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 122 people, 51 households, and 30 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|46.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 51 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 27.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 89 people, 43 households, and 22 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|33.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of 23.9 per square mile (9.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 43 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.8% were non-families. 44.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,761. There were no families and 6.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 38.9% of those over 64.

