==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 876
|2020= 870
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|archive-url=https://archive.today/20130226121430/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=February 26, 2013|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 870 people, 380 households, and 256 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 703.7 inhabitants per square mile (271.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 394 housing units at an average density of 318.7 per square mile (123.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 92.9% [[White Americans|White]], 1.5% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from other races and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.8% of the population.

Of the 380 households, 25.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% were cohabitating couples, 16.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 21.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 32.6% of all households were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 42.0 years. 23.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 and 44; 26.3% were from 45 and 64; and 21.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

{{clear}}

