==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 190
|1920= 157
|1930= 205
|1940= 228
|1950= 227
|1960= 262
|1970= 255
|1980= 237
|1990= 199
|2000= 188
|2010= 145
|2020= 569
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 145 people, 70 households, and 40 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1035.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|635.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 70 households, of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.38.

The median age in the city was 56.8 years. 10.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.4% were from 25 to 44; 42.1% were from 45 to 64; and 29.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 188 people, 76 households, and 50 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,268.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|593.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.06% from two or more races.

There were 76 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $49,375. Males had a median income of $50,875 versus $25,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,784. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

