==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 400
|1910= 463
|1920= 413
|1930= 419
|1940= 370
|1950= 377
|1960= 506
|1970= 795
|1980= 782
|1990= 1426
|2000= 1450
|2010= 1529
|2020= 1501
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 17, 2014}}</ref><br />2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/PEP/2018/PEPANNRSIP.US12A|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places of 50,000 or More, Ranked by July 1, 2018 Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2018 - United States -- Places of 50,000+ Population|date=May 2019|website=American FactFinder|publisher=United States Census Bureau, Population Division; U.S. Department of Commerce|access-date=May 23, 2019|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213005358/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/PEP/2018/PEPANNRSIP.US12A|archive-date=February 13, 2020|url-status=dead }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,529 people, 575 households, and 423 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2215.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 604 housing units at an average density of {{convert|875.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 575 households, of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.4% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,450 people, 529 households, and 405 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,655.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 544 housing units at an average density of {{convert|996.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 529 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.4% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $48,083, and the median income for a family was $54,236. Males had a median income of $36,193 versus $23,950 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,573. About 1.9% of families and 2.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

