==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1840= 627
|1850= 1006
|1860= 1432
|1870= 1601
|1880= 2070
|1890= 1733
|1900= 1764
|1910= 1854
|1920= 1369
|1930= 1371
|1940= 4976
|1950= 5262
|1960= 5917
|1970= 8270
|1980= 8717
|1990= 8575
|2000= 8227
|2010= 8380
|2020= 8300
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/doylestownboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census, the borough was 94.8% Non-Hispanic White, 2.3% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 1.9% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, and 1.5% were two or more races. 2.8% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref> https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA </ref>{{dead link|date=February 2026}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 8,227 people, 3,952 households, and 1,908 families residing in the borough.  The population density was {{convert|3,822.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 4,055 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,884.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the borough was 95.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.43% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.20% of the population

There were 3,952 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.7% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 16.5% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 79.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $46,148, and the median income for a family was $71,988. Males had a median income of $48,553 versus $31,703 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $32,249.  About 2.5% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 1.7% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over. By 2024, the median household income had risen to $99,322.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://datausa.io/profile/geo/doylestown-pa|title=Doylestown, PA|publisher=Data USA|access-date=2026-04-12}}</ref>

===Housing===
According to the [[American Community Survey]], the median property value in Doylestown was $527,700 in 2024, approximately 1.6 times the national median of $332,700 and among the highest of any borough in Pennsylvania.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://datausa.io/profile/geo/doylestown-pa|title=Doylestown, PA|publisher=Data USA|access-date=2026-04-12}}</ref> The homeownership rate was 47%, below the national average of 65%, reflecting the borough's high concentration of rental units, apartments, and mixed-use residential buildings in its walkable downtown core.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://datausa.io/profile/geo/doylestown-pa|title=Doylestown, PA|publisher=Data USA|access-date=2026-04-12}}</ref>

As of early 2026,{{update after|2027|04|01}} the median sale price for homes in Doylestown was approximately $675,000, with properties in the [[Doylestown Historic District]] selling at a median of $1.1 million.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.redfin.com/city/5096/PA/Doylestown/housing-market|title=Doylestown Housing Market|publisher=Redfin|access-date=2026-04-12}}</ref> Townhouses typically range from $350,000 to $600,000; single-family homes range from $600,000 to $950,000, with a significant number exceeding $1 million.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.homes.com/local-guide/doylestown-pa/|title=Living in Doylestown, PA|publisher=Homes.com|access-date=2026-04-12}}</ref>

