==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1880= 422
|1890= 1100
|1900= 1262
|1910= 1508
|1920= 1613
|1930= 1732
|1940= 1761
|1950= 1636
|1960= 1717
|1970= 1582
|1980= 1599
|1990= 1381
|2000= 1349
|2010= 1297
|2020= 1171
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 1,171 people, 522 households, and 296 families in Lincoln Center.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 935.3 per square mile (361.1/km{{sup|2}}). There were 671 housing units at an average density of 535.9 per square mile (206.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 89.75% (1,051) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (86.68% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.51% (6) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.26% (3) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.68% (8) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 3.67% (43) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.12% (60) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 8.45% (99) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 522 households, 24.3% had children under the age of 18; 41.0% were married couples living together; 31.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.4% of households consisted of individuals and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 3.1.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 13.3% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

23.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 27.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.4 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 116.9 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $42,857 (with a margin of error of +/- $6,193) and the median family income was $65,114 (+/- $10,517).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $36,250 (+/- $6,718) versus $21,827 (+/- $10,882) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $30,859 (+/- $3,636).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 1.4% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.0% of those under the age of 18 and 6.9% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Lincoln%20Center%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,297 people, 576 households, and 324 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,049.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 734 housing units at an average density of {{convert|593.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White American|White]], 1.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.3% [[African American]], 0.1% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.8% from some other race, and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.<ref name=Census2010>{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | url = https://www.census.gov | access-date = 2011-07-20}}</ref>

There were 576 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 40.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16, and the average family size was 2.95.<ref name=Census2010/>

The median age in the city was 44.9 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 24.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.6% male and 53.4% female.<ref name=Census2010/>

The median income for a household in the city was $37,308, and the median income for a family was $47,679. Males had a median income of $33,650 versus $28,438 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,949. About 13.0% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.6% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=Census2010/>

