==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 403
| 1930 = 345
| 1940 = 287
| 1950 = 291
| 1960 = 206
| 1970 = 200
| 1980 = 183
| 1990 = 149
| 2000 = 159
| 2010 = 173
| 2020 = 143
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 149
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 159 people, 74 households, and 48 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|60.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.97% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.63% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.26% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 3.14% from two or more races. 1.26% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 74 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,130. About 5.4% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 18.8% of those 65 or over.

