==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 270
| 1940 = 365
| 1950 = 396
| 1960 = 359
| 1970 = 371
| 1980 = 413
| 1990 = 302
| 2000 = 349
| 2010 = 394
| 2020 = 504
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 603
| estref = <ref name="Census-Estimate"/> {{increase}}
| align-fn = center
| footnote = Sources: U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 15, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="Census-Profile">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Winthrop, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Winthrop%20town,%20Washington |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
}}

Winthrop is among the least populous municipalities in [[Okanogan County, Washington|Okanogan County]], ranked ninth in the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]] with a population of 504 people.<ref>{{cite web |date=June 2025 |title=April 1, 2025 Population of Cities, Towns and Counties Used for Allocation of Selected State Revenues |page=6 |url=https://ofm.wa.gov/sites/default/files/public/dataresearch/pop/april1/ofm_april1_population_final.pdf |publisher=[[Washington State Office of Financial Management]] |accessdate=August 12, 2025}}</ref> The state government estimated that the town's 2023 population rose by 15.4{{nbsp}}percent to 578 residents, among the fastest rates in Washington.<ref>{{cite news |last1=Goodwin |first1=Shaun |last2=Van De Venter |first2=Karlee |date=August 13, 2024 |title=This small western Washington town has seen a 46% increase in population. See where it is |url=https://www.thenewstribune.com/news/state/washington/article290990905.html |work=[[The News Tribune]] |accessdate=August 12, 2025}}</ref>

===2020 census===

As of the 2020 census, there were 504 people and 268 households living within Winthrop's town limits. The town's [[population density]] was {{convert|{{#expr: 504 / 0.93 round 1}}|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 342 total housing units, of which 78.4% were occupied and 21.6% were vacant or for occasional use. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of Winthrop was 90.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.4% Black or [[African American]], 0.8% [[Native American]] and [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander]], and 3.4% from other races. Residents who identified as more than one race were 5.4% of the population. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] residents of any race were 6.7% of the population.<ref name="Census2020">{{cite web |title=2020 Decennial Census DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=160XX00US5379380 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=August 12, 2025}}</ref>

Of the 268 households in Winthrop, 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 8.6% were cohabitating but unmarried. Households with a male householder with no spouse or partner were 22.8% of the population, while households with a female householder with no spouse or partner were 33.6% of the population. Out of all households, 38.4% had residents who were 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020"/> There were 268 occupied housing units in Winthrop, of which 66.4% were owner-occupied and 33.6% were occupied by [[renting|renters]].<ref name="Census2020"/>

The median age in the town was 51.1 years old for all sexes, 46.0 years old for males, and 54.4 years old for females. Of the total population, 16.4% of residents were under the age of 19; 2.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.2% were between the ages of 25 and 44; 27.0% were between the ages of 45 and 64; and 30.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.<ref name="Census2020"/>

===2010 census===

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 394 people, 205 households, and 109 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|419.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 300 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.<ref name="OFM-Census2010">{{cite web |author=United States Census Bureau |date=August 2, 2011
|title=Census 2010, Summary File 1: Winthrop town, Washington |pages=2–8 |url=https://ofm.wa.gov/sites/default/files/public/legacy/pop/census2010/sf1/data/city/wa_2010_sf1_city_16000US5379380.pdf |publisher=Washington State Office of Financial Management |accessdate=August 12, 2025}}</ref>

There were 205 households, of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.8% were non-families. 43.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.59.<ref name="OFM-Census2010"/>

The median age in the town was 47.9 years. 17.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.<ref name="OFM-Census2010"/>

