==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1910= 320
|1920= 389
|1930= 334
|1940= 294
|1950= 286
|1960= 220
|1970= 109
|1980= 60
|1990= 48
|2000= 23
|2010= 26
|2020= 24
|estyear=2022
|estimate=17
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 26 people, 18 households, and 4 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|24.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, of which 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 11.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 77.8% were non-families. 72.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.44 and the average family size was 2.25.

The median age in the city was 53.5 years. 7.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 53.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.7% male and 42.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 23 people, 13 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 21.6 people per square mile (8.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|38.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, out of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 61.5% were non-families. 61.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 39.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 157.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $56,250, and the median income for a family was $75,138. Males had a median income of $55,417 versus $8,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,679. There were no families and 15.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

