==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 387
|1970= 424
|1980= 508
|1990= 593
|2000= 877
|2010= 851
|2020= 813
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website |url= https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 851 people, 320 households, and 233 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|680.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 375 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 320 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.2% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 877 people, 317 households, and 222 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|727.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|312.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.61% of the population.

There were 317 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $23,563 versus $18,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,918. About 18.9% of families and 26.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.2% of those under age 18 and 27.1% of those age 65 or over.

