==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 262
|1920= 225
|1930= 182
|1940= 163
|1950= 83
|1960= 38
|1970= 24
|1980= 29
|1990= 19
|2000= 17
|2010= 11
|2020= 9
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 11 people, 7 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|35.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 81.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 18.2% from two or more races.

There were 7 households, of which 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 57.1% were non-families. 57.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 42.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.57 and the average family size was 2.33.

The median age in the city was 63.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.1% were from 25 to 44; 45.5% were from 45 to 64; and 45.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 17 people, 10 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|55.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 13 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 11.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 10 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 40.0% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.3% from 45 to 64, and 64.7% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 76&nbsp;years. For every 100 females, there were 70.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,250, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,350. There were no families and 28.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 44.4% of those over 64.

