==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 454
|1860= 360
|1870= 301
|1880= 294
|1890= 486
|1900= 318
|1910= 323
|1920= 426
|1930= 482
|1940= 547
|1950= 577
|1960= 590
|1970= 478
|1980= 470
|1990= 370
|2000= 400
|2010= 326
|2020= 252
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013 }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 400 people, 177 households, and 98 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,909.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,847.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 177 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.6% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 85.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,029, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $26,964 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,677. About 16.1% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 25.0% of those age 65 or over.

Ancestries: German (26.2%), Italian (19.0%), Polish (16.0%), Slovak (9.6%), English (8.7%), Hungarian (6.4%).<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Youngstown-Pennsylvania.html|title = Youngstown, Pennsylvania (PA 15696) profile: Population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving, houses, news, sex offenders}}</ref>

