==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 227
| 2010 = 279
| 2020 = 279
| footnote = Source [http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL1.ST13&prodType=table 2010 Census]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}
}}
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR8" /> there were 279 people, 114 households and 80 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 171.8 per square mile (66.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 122 housing units at an average density of 75.3/sq&nbsp;mi (29.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 114 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.98.

21.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 38.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

At the time of the 2000 census, the [[median household income]] was $38,403 and the median family income was $38,819. Males had a median income of $38,333 and females $16,364. The [[per capita income]] was $17,341. About 10.1% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 4.3% of those 65 or over.

