==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 140
|1900= 327
|1910= 279
|1920= 408
|1930= 483
|1940= 640
|1950= 872
|1960= 1184
|1970= 1673
|1980= 1679
|1990= 1444
|2000= 1398
|2010= 1057
|2020= 1009
|estyear=2024
|estimate=999
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Arnaudville racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2203110&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 845
| 83.75%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 116
| 11.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 23
| 2.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 21
| 2.08%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,009 people, 498 households, and 311 families residing in the town. At the 2019 [[American Community Survey]],<ref name=":1" /> the racial and ethnic makeup of the town was 71.3% [[Non-Hispanic whites|non-Hispanic white]], 18.0% [[African Americans|Black and African American]], 2.8% some other race, and 7.9% [[Multiracial Americans|multiracial]]. In 2010, its racial makeup was 90.2% [[White Americans|White American]], 7.9% African American, 0.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian and Alaska Native]], 0.9% multiracial, and 0.9% [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latin American]] of any race. The 2000 census determined 88.63% were White American, 10.73% African American, 0.07% American Indian and Alaska Native, 0.07% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.50% multiracial, and 1.57% Hispanic or Latin American of any race.

In 2019, the median age was 30.3 and 7.4% of the population were under 5 years of age. Approximately 72.2% were aged 18 and older, and 11.9% aged 65 and older.<ref name=":1" /> Of the population over the age of 5 in 2013, 65.1% spoke [[American English|English]] and 34.9% spoke [[French language in the United States|French]] (including [[Cajun French|Cajun]]).<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |title=Data Center Results |access-date=August 23, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130815140430/http://www.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results |archive-date=August 15, 2013 }}</ref> At the 2019 census estimates, French was the second most-spoken household language.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,727, up from $21,600 at the 2000 United States census. Males had a median income of $45,417 versus $24,722 for females. About 24.4% of the population lived at or below the poverty line, down from 25.6% at the 2000 census.

