==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 608
|1920= 779
|1930= 771
|1940= 793
|1950= 763
|1960= 798
|1970= 726
|1980= 776
|1990= 655
|2000= 633
|2010= 608
|2020= 581
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 608 people, 256 households, and 154 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2251.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1081.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 256 households, of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.8% were non-families. Of all households, 34.8% were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 42.7 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.1% male and 54.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 633 people, 252 households, and 169 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,110|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. Of all households, 27.8% were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,481, and the median income for a family was $37,222. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $18,636 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,417. About 13.3% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

