==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 252
|1870= 255
|1880= 300
|1890= 212
|1900= 236
|1910= 219
|1920= 140
|1930= 167
|1940= 184
|1950= 239
|1960= 245
|1970= 209
|1980= 244
|1990= 213
|2000= 235
|2010= 199
|2020= 202
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 199 people, 65 households, and 47 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|306.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 73.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 18.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 28.1% of the population.

There were 65 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.7% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.06 and the average family size was 3.55.

The median age in the village was 34.5 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 35.2% were from 45 to 64; and 7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 235 people, 73 households, and 58 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|350.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 82.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.77% of the population.

There were 73 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.2% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.22 and the average family size was 3.53.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $34,000. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,741.  About 15.6% of families and 28.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 26.1% of those 65 or over.

