==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1920= 304
|1930= 330
|1940= 316
|1950= 370
|1960= 472
|1970= 509
|1980= 530
|1990= 470
|2000= 959
|2010= 1225
|2020= 1330
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1387
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|access-date=October 15, 2021|archive-date=March 8, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220308015914/https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}}}

At the 2010 census, the borough was 96.7% non-Hispanic White, 0.6% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.5% Asian, and 0.7% were two or more races. 1.6% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry [https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA].

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 959 people, 412 households, and 313 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|961.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 460 housing units at an average density of {{convert|461.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 97.08% White, 0.31% African American, 1.36% Asian, 0.42% from other races, and 0.83% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.63%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 412 households, 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.2% were married couples living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 20.9% of households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% 65 or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median household income was $57,813 and the median family income  was $62,273. Males had a median income of $40,000 versus $31,953 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $27,162. About 0.6% of families and 1.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

