==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1300
|1920= 488
|1930= 368
|1940= 394
|1950= 283
|1960= 275
|1970= 328
|1980= 403
|1990= 265
|2000= 246
|2010= 232
|2020= 218
|estyear=2021
|estimate=212
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 232 people, 97 households, and 68 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1933.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1066.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 97 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the town was 42 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 246 people, 102 households, and 68 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,858.7 inhabitants per square mile (730.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 113 housing units at an average density of 853.8 per square mile (335.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 99.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 0.41% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 102 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,625, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $24,688 versus $14,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,835. About 10.4% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.8% of those 65 or over.

