==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 35
|1970= 39
|1980= 24
|1990= 19
|2000= 33
|2010= 40
|2020= 40
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 40 people, 16 households, and 13 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1000.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|425.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.0% from two or more races.

There were 16 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.8% were non-families. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the village was 32 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 40% were from 25 to 44; 17.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 33 people, 15 households, and 12 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|824.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|424.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 15 households, out of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.42.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $44,375. Males had a median income of $33,125 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,243. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

