==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 207
|1940= 162
|1950= 211
|1960= 118
|1970= 98
|1980= 92
|1990= 44
|2000= 48
|2010= 29
|2020= 23
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 23 people, 18 households, and 11 families in Brownell.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Brownell%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 116.2 per square mile (44.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 27 housing units at an average density of 136.4 per square mile (52.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Brownell%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 82.61% (19) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (82.61% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 17.39% (4) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Brownell%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 4.35% (1) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Brownell%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 18 households, 38.9% had children under the age of 18; 44.4% were married couples living together; 33.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.8% of households consisted of individuals and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.8 and the average family size was 2.7.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Brownell%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

8.7% of the population was under the age of 18, 13.0% from 18 to 24, 8.7% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 39.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 75.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 29 people, 16 households, and 8 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|145.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 16 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 59.5 years. 17.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.3% were from 25 to 44; 37.8% were from 45 to 64; and 34.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.6% male and 41.4% female.

