==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 56
|1890= 321
|1900= 347
|1910= 299
|1920= 404
|1930= 404
|1940= 308
|1950= 306
|1960= 249
|1970= 248
|1980= 227
|1990= 212
|2000= 229
|2010= 197
|2020= 175
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 197 people, 87 households, and 46 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|788.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 87 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.1% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 34.3 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 229 people, 103 households, and 55 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|915.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.31% from two or more races.

There were 103 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.6% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,813, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $25,938 versus $13,864 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,120. About 16.7% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 15.9% of those 65 or over.

