==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 401
|1910= 767
|1920= 672
|1930= 612
|1940= 505
|1950= 503
|1960= 465
|1970= 386
|1980= 394
|1990= 334
|2000= 382
|2010= 305
|2020= 213
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[U.S. Census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 305 people, 122 households, and 71 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|554.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 122 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.8% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the city was 36.4 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[U.S. Census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 382 people, 153 households, and 102 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|691.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|352.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]].

There were 153 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,357, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $23,250 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,526. About 11.7% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

