==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 5,022 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 3,404.75 people per square mile (1,314.52/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,846 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 5.9% from two or more races. 1.7% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Delhi Hills CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Delhi_Hills_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3921518 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=7 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 1,882 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 15.0% had a female householder with no spouse present. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65, and the average family size was 2.99.<ref name="2020 census"/>

22.9% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 61.0% were 18 to 64, and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.9. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $92,279, and the median income for a family was $106,389. About 4.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.7% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over. About 67.1% of the population were employed, and 24.6% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

