==Demographics==

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 497 people, 205 households, and 137 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|381.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 269 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 73.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.66% of the population.
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 476
| 1890 = 647
| 1900 = 717
| 1910 = 764
| 1920 = 872
| 1930 = 805
| 1940 = 881
| 1950 = 566
| 1960 = 354
| 1970 = 471
| 1980 = 484
| 1990 = 505
| 2000 = 497
| 2010 = 464
| 2020 = 458
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Kosse, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Kosse%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 7, 2024}}</ref>
}}

There were 205 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,227, and the median income for a family was $30,781. Males had a median income of $24,167 versus $16,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,868. About 19.6% of families and 25.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 45.4% of those under age 18 and 21.1% of those age 65 or over.

