==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 391
|1840= 819
|1850= 1445
|1860= 1409
|1870= 1156
|1880= 1204
|1890= 1247
|1900= 1600
|1910= 1549
|1920= 1700
|1930= 1362
|1940= 1350
|1950= 1310
|1960= 1338
|1970= 1516
|1980= 1646
|1990= 1581
|2000= 1423
|2010= 1529
|2020= 1650
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 1647
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, the median income for a household in the village was $38,523, and the median income for a family was $48,977. Males had a median income of $31,324 versus $21,524 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,527. About 5.9% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8"/> of 2010, there were 1,529 people, 651 households, and 493 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,274.17|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 705 housing units at an average density of {{convert|587.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 651 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 19, 4.8% from 20 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 83.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

