==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 330
|1920= 543
|1930= 475
|1940= 549
|1950= 618
|1960= 554
|1970= 487
|1980= 543
|1990= 461
|2000= 413
|2010= 369
|2020= 303
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 369 people, 153 households, and 100 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|567.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|281.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 153 households, of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 42.1 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 413 people, 175 households, and 121 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|635.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 189 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.18% of the population.

There were 175 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,100, and the median income for a family was $32,708. Males had a median income of $23,889 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,607. About 9.6% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

