==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 478
|1930= 509
|1940= 392
|1950= 419
|1960= 300
|1970= 286
|1980= 415
|1990= 260
|2000= 203
|2010= 247
|2020= 248
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 203 people, 102 households, and 55 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|421.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.43% of the population.

There were 102 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.1% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,531, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,599. About 5.0% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 19.6% of those 65 or over.{{clear left}}

