==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010 = 29
|2020 = 24
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 29 people, 16 households, and 6 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.15|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 22 (75.86%) [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2 (6.9%) [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1 (3.4%) [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4 (13.8%) from two or more races. 2 (6.9%) of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 101 housing units, of which 16 were occupied. Of the 16 households, 3 (18.8%) had children under the age of 18 living with them, 5 (31.3%) were married couples living together, 1 (6.3%) had a female householder with no husband present, and 10 (62.5%) were non-families. 9 (56.3%) of all households were made up of individuals, and 6 (35.5%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 5 (17.1%) under the age of 18, 2 (6.9%) from 18 to 24, 3 (10.2%) from 25 to 44, 11 (37.8%) from 45 to 64, and 8 (27.5%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 222.2 males (20 males, 9 females). For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200 males (16 adult males, 8 adult females).<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |title=U.S. Census website |access-date=October 1, 2016 }}</ref><ref>{{Cite web|title=Eureka Roadhouse, AK Population - Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts - CensusViewer|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/AK/Eureka%20Roadhouse|access-date=October 4, 2021|website=censusviewer.com|archive-date=October 3, 2016|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161003091518/http://censusviewer.com/city/AK/Eureka%20Roadhouse|url-status=usurped}}</ref>

Income data was not present for Eureka Roadhouse.

