==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 6061
|2000= 5670
|2010= 5892
|2020= 6265
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=July 31, 2010}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171) Summary File |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US5370280 |work=American FactFinder |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,670 people, 2,057 households, and 1,491 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 3,919.1 people per square mile (1,509.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,167 housing units at an average density of 1,497.8/sq mi (577.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 76.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.10% of the population.

There were 2,057 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were married couples living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 29.5% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $49,245. Males had a median income of $35,352 versus $29,435 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,154. About 8.9% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.7% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

