==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 316
|1980= 363
|1990= 372
|2000= 264
|2010= 351
|2020= 336
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 351 people, 141 households, and 105 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 141 households, of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.5% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 40.6 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 264 people, 99 households, and 72 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 225.3 people per square mile (87.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 100 housing units at an average density of 85.3 per square mile (33.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 99 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,938, and the median income for a family was $52,679. Males had a median income of $36,375 versus $23,036 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,177. About 4.8% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

