==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 171
|1890= 240
|1920= 274
|1930= 320
|1940= 394
|1950= 373
|1960= 328
|1970= 603
|1980= 494
|1990= 461
|2000= 428
|2010= 477
|2020= 349
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Rockford racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0165472&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 18, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|254
|72.78%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|75
|21.49%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|17
|4.87%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|3
|0.86%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 349 people, 261 households, and 164 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census]] of 2000, there were 428 people, 189 households, and 113 families residing in the town.<ref name=2000census>{{Cite web
  | title = Fact Sheet- Rockford town, Alabama
  | work = American Fast Facts
  | publisher = United States Census Bureau
  | url = http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=rockford&_cityTown=rockford&_state=04000US01&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y
  | accessdate =
  | archive-url = https://archive.today/20200212053612/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=rockford&_cityTown=rockford&_state=04000US01&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y
  | archive-date = February 12, 2020
  | url-status = dead
  }}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|129.6|PD/sqmi}}.  There were 226 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.5|/sqmi}}.<ref name=2000censusarea/> The racial makeup of the town was 65.65% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 32.48% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.64% from two or more races. 1.17% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name=2000census/>

There were 189 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.81.<ref name=2000census/>

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.<ref name=2000census/>

The median income for a household in the town was $20,000, and the median income for a family was $32,125. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $17,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,350. About 24.3% of families and 24.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.6% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name=2000census/>

