==Demographics==
{{update section|date=September 2025}}
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 418
|1910= 380
|1920= 366
|1930= 334
|1940= 465
|1950= 404
|1960= 358
|1970= 369
|1980= 428
|1990= 388
|2000= 386
|2010= 320
|2020= 318
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{better citation needed|date=September 2025}}
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>{{better source needed|date=September 2025}} of 2000, 386 people, 167 households, and 101 families were residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|357.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 179 housing units were at an average density of {{convert|165.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

Of the 167 households, 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $17,308 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,693. About 14.1% of families and 24.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.1% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

