==Demographics==
Argyle first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2020 U.S. census]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=2020 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2020/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

===2020 census===
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2020= 332
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1702050 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 332 people, 128 households, and 128 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|378.56|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|173.32|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.82% of the population.

There were 128 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, and all were married couples living together. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 2.76.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 23.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 16.7% from 25 to 44, 47.9% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $139,821, and the median income for a family was $139,821. Males had a median income of $62,450 versus $26,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $51,234. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

