==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2020= 146
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1742600 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 146 people, 52 households, and 42 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|151.61|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|79.96|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.68% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.42% of the population.

There were 52 households, out of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.77% were married couples living together, 0.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.23% were non-families. 19.23% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 2.62.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 13.2% under the age of 18, 15.4% from 25 to 44, and 71.3% from 45 to 64. The median age was 54.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 172.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 136.0 males.

The median income for a family was $157,900. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $44,363. None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].{{clear left}}

