==Demographics==
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 553 people, 214 households, and 149 families residing in the city. The population density was {{Convert|518.76|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|277.67|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.71% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.06% were married couples living together, 21.03% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.37% were non-families. 25.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.75% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.07 and the average family size was 2.53.

The city's age distribution consisted of 28.8% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $47,262, and the median income for a family was $55,515. Males had a median income of $50,000 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $25,114. About 10.7% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.7% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

