==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 102
|1920= 110
|1930= 87
|1940= 119
|1950= 105
|1960= 158
|1970= 125
|1980= 151
|1990= 104
|2000= 88
|2010= 110
|2020= 96
|estyear=2022
|estimate=93
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 110 people, 54 households, and 24 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|846.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|476.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.1% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.6% were non-families. 48.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 37 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 88 people, 47 households, and 25 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|676.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|492.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 47 households, out of which 17.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.8% were non-families. 42.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.52.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.9% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 30.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,381. There were 16.1% of families and 24.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 54.5% of under eighteens and 6.9% of those over 64.

