==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 352
|1930= 302
|1940= 216
|1950= 280
|1960= 253
|1970= 244
|1980= 283
|1990= 282
|2000= 310
|2010= 288
|2020= 332
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 288 people, 136 households, and 80 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|900.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|478.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 136 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 45.8 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 36.5% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 310 people, including 137 households, and 83 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|908.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|460.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.7% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,194, and the median income for a family was $35,278. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $20,556 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,646. About 2.2% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

