==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 887
|1920= 742
|1930= 738
|1940= 792
|1950= 867
|1960= 879
|1970= 682
|1980= 757
|1990= 618
|2000= 695
|2010= 701
|2020= 610
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 701 people, 281 households, and 174 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|161.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 315 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 281 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 38.2 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 695 people, 287 households, and 179 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|161.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 308 housing units at an average density of {{convert|71.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.86% of the population.

There were 287 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,361, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $25,875 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,620.  About 11.2% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.5% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

