==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 263
| 2020 = 248
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20150112190311/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?refresh=t 2010 U.S. Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census, there were 248 people, 135 housing units, and 104 families. The racial makeup was 218 [[White Americans|White]] people, 3 [[African Americans]], 3 [[Native Americans in the United States|Native Americans]], 3 [[Asian Americans|Asians]], 0 [[Pacific Islander]]s, and 21 people from two or more races. 7 people were [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]].<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile?g=160XX00US5328450 |access-date=2023-05-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

The ancestry of Grays River was 14.5% [[English Americans|English]], 6.6% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 3.5% [[German Americans|German]], and 2.6% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]].<ref name=":0" />

The median age in Grays River was 68.9 years old. 63.2% of the population were 65 or older, with 41.7% from 65 to 74 years, 8.8% from 75 to 84, and 12.7% were 85 or older.<ref name=":0" />

The median household income was $54,048, families had $64,583, and non-families had $52,857. 0.0% of the population were in poverty.<ref name=":0" />

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010,<ref name=census>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |title=U.S. Census website |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |date=2011 |accessdate=21 June 2014 }}</ref> there were 263 people, 110 households, and 83 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|13.03|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.34|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 110 households, out of which 19.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.2% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 18.3% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 13.3% from 25 to 44, 38.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.9 males.

