==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 243
|1970= 90
|1980= 85
|1990= 54
|2000= 91
|2010= 77
|2020= 60
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 77 people, 34 households, and 19 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|296.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|146.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 83.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.6% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 44.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 38.1 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 91 people, 33 households, and 25 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|345.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 73.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 26.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 33 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,783. There were 9.1% of families and 14.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 41.2% of those under 18 and 20.0% of those over 64.

