==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 122
|1880= 776
|1890= 1244
|1900= 1597
|1910= 1524
|1920= 1811
|1930= 1804
|1940= 1925
|1950= 1914
|1960= 1788
|1970= 1848
|1980= 1886
|1990= 1852
|2000= 1892
|2010= 1736
|2020= 1714
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=November 13, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|access-date=November 13, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,736 people, 715 households, and 478 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1315.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 818 housing units at an average density of {{convert|619.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 715 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 44.1 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,892 people, 778 households, and 522 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,492.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 833 housing units at an average density of {{convert|657.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 778 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $35,708, and the median income for a family was $41,688. Males had a median income of $30,650 versus $21,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,836. About 5.7% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.8% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

