==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 123
| 1900 = 111
| 1910 = 116
| 1920 = 162
| 1930 = 166
| 1940 = 145
| 1950 = 115
| 1960 = 97
| 1970 = 184
| 1980 = 226
| 1990 = 146
| 2000 = 164
| 2010 = 185
| 2020 = 170
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 173
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 164 people, 65 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 158.3/km{{sup|2}} (411.9/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 68 housing units at an average density of 65.6/km{{sup|2}} (170.8/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.46% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.66% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 4.27% from two or more races. 6.10% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 65 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 15.2% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $24,375. Males had a median income of $20,208 versus $23,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,657. About 26.1% of families and 26.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.1% of those under the age of 18 and 33.3% of those 65 or over.

