==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 763
|1930= 498
|1940= 796
|1950= 770
|1960= 855
|1970= 1046
|1980= 1088
|1990= 953
|2000= 957
|2010= 938
|2020= 797
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 938 people, 454 households, and 240 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1234.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 490 housing units at an average density of {{convert|644.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.<ref name="wwwcensusgov" />

There were 454 households, of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.1% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.71.<ref name="wwwcensusgov" />

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.<ref name="wwwcensusgov" />

