==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 453
|1890= 499
|1900= 633
|1910= 692
|1920= 854
|1930= 835
|1940= 847
|1950= 941
|1960= 928
|1970= 974
|1980= 1012
|1990= 1076
|2000= 1400
|2010= 1459
|2020= 1437
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=February 10, 2023}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,459 people, 571 households, and 392 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1186.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 597 housing units at an average density of {{convert|485.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 571 households, of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the village was 35.6 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,400 people, 524 households, and 390 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,315.4 people per square mile (509.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 546 housing units at an average density of 513.0 per square mile (198.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.36% from two or more races. 0.64% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 524 households, out of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,102, and the median income for a family was $46,058. Males had a median income of $30,787 versus $20,707 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,648. About 4.7% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

