==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1920= 589
|1930= 572
|1940= 447
|1950= 437
|1960= 357
|1970= 350
|1980= 289
|1990= 256
|2000= 305
|2010= 260
|2020= 191
|estyear=2019
|estimate=258
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 260 people, 105 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1368.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 127 housing units at an average density of {{convert|668.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 105 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.2% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 43 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

The median home price in Bovill was an estimated $72,500 in 2011.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://address-data.com/d/ID/Bovill|title=Median home value in Bovill|website=Address-Data.com}}{{Dead link|date=July 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 305 people, 116 households, and 82 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,701.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 128 housing units at an average density of {{convert|714.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.95% of the population.

There were 116 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $41,827. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,471.  About 14.1% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

