==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 337
|1930= 330
|1940= 348
|1950= 251
|1960= 224
|1970= 169
|1980= 179
|1990= 149
|2000= 191
|2010= 153
|2020= 139
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 153 people, 66 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|546.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|314.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.2% of the population.

There were 66 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 22.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 191 people, 77 households, and 51 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|696.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.52% of the population.

There were 77 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,688, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,781. About 2.0% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.4% of those 65 or over.

