==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 1054
|1860= 1130
|1880= 822
|1890= 804
|1900= 781
|1910= 687
|1920= 585
|1930= 616
|1940= 628
|1950= 637
|1960= 754
|1970= 943
|1980= 672
|1990= 1013
|2000= 1045
|2010= 1045
|2020= 1036
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,045 people, 498 households, and 266 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2375.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 565 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1284.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 498 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.6% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 43.7 years. 17.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 32.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,045 people, 479 households, and 274 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,141.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 519 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,063.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.63% of the population.

There were 479 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.6% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,375, and the median income for a family was $47,375. Males had a median income of $36,667 versus $25,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,969. About 8.1% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

