==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 196
|1920= 212
|1930= 256
|1950= 147
|1960= 329
|1970= 226
|1980= 272
|1990= 207
|2000= 308
|2010= 310
|2020= 308
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 308 people, 105 households, and 66 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 379.3 people per square mile (146.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 401 housing units at an average density of 493.9 per square mile (191.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 91.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.09% of the population.

There were 105 households, out of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.9% under the age of 18, 11.7% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 170.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 194.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,458, and the median income for a family was $28,250. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,184. About 5.5% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under the age of 18 and 4.2% of those 65 or over.

