==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1541
|1890= 2650
|1900= 2567
|1910= 3158
|1920= 3326
|1930= 3519
|1940= 3238
|1950= 2535
|1960= 2568
|1970= 2435
|1980= 2411
|1990= 2263
|2000= 2287
|2010= 2169
|2020= 2150
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2148
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,169 people, 951 households, and 581 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,711.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,017 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,271.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 951 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 43% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of eighteen, 61.7% from eighteen to sixty-four, and 17.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-two years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,824, and the median income for a family was $39,740. Males had a median income of $29,063 compared with that of $23,580 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,417.

Roughly 8.9% of families and 12.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 13.4% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

