==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 571
|1950= 635
|1960= 587
|1970= 547
|1980= 902
|1990= 991
|2000= 1052
|2010= 1434
|2020= 1600
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1625
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=sources:<ref>{{Cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=April 5, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Manteo racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3741060&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,326
| 82.88%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 74
| 4.63%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.38%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 0.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 50
| 3.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 136
| 8.5%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,600 people, 865 households, and 491 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,434 people, 681 households, and 373 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 843.5 people per square mile (318.7/km2˜). There were 1,353 housing units at an average density of 795.9 per square mile (300.7/km2˜). The racial makeup of the town was 84.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 9% of the population.

There were 681 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.2% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.5% aged 19 or younger, 4.5% from 20 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 30.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,803, and the median income for a family was $40,625. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,803. About 26.5% of families and 32% of the population were below the [[poverty line|poverty level]], including 63.7% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

Manteo is part of [[North Carolina's 3rd congressional district]], represented by Republican [[Walter B. Jones|Walt Jones]], elected in 1994, until his death on February 10, 2019, where he was succeeded by [[Greg Murphy (politician)|Greg Murphy]].<ref>{{Cite news |last=Seelye |first=Katherine |date=February 13, 2019 |title=Walter B. Jones, 76, Dies; Republican Turned Against Iraq War |work=[[New York Times]] |url=https://www.nytimes.com/2019/02/13/obituaries/walter-b-jones-dead.html |access-date=April 9, 2019}}</ref>

