==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 174
|1960= 162
|1970= 104
|1980= 101
|1990= 101
|2000= 106
|2010= 61
|2020= 84
|estyear=2022
|estimate=85
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 61 people, 37 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|184.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 64.9% were non-families. 62.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.65 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 51.2 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.8% were from 25 to 44; 47.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 106 people, 46 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|314.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|210.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.89% from two or more races.

There were 46 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $25,357 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,081. There were 8.7% of families and 11.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

