==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 347
|1940= 1064
|1950= 1594
|1960= 2320
|1970= 2206
|1980= 1837
|1990= 1680
|2000= 1732
|2010= 1565
|2020= 2169
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2021-07-18}}</ref> of 2020, there were 2,277 people, 950 households, and 625 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1956.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 660 housing units at an average density of {{convert|825.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 76.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 10.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 9.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population. 11.2% of the population were born outside of the United States.

The median family income is $123,200 (mean of $206,570). 65.4% of village residents possess a graduate or professional degree and 90% have attained a bachelor's degree. This ranks the village 6th in the US in the "Average Education Index" ([[American Community Survey]]) among all cities with a population over 1,000, ahead of Stanford, CA and Chevy Chase, MD.

There were 950 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.5% had a male householder with no wife present. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 40.3 years. 22.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/> of 2010, there were 1,565 people, 620 households, and 478 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1956.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 660 housing units at an average density of {{convert|825.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 620 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.9% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 48.4 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2"/> there were 1,732 people, 640 households and 504 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,139.8 per square mile (825.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 664 housing units at an average density of 820.3 per square mile (316.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 91.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.83% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.18% of the population.

There were 640 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.94.

Age distribution was 26.5% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 16.7% from 25 to 44, 36.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $122,879, and the median family income was $131,265. Males had a median income of $93,506 versus $51,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $57,328. About 2.3% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

