==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 62
|1890= 318
|1900= 688
|1910= 587
|1920= 637
|1930= 502
|1940= 688
|1950= 875
|1960= 940
|1970= 1095
|1980= 1082
|1990= 961
|2000= 913
|2010= 824
|2020= 757
|estyear=2022
|estimate=746
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 824 people, 389 households, and 225 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1267.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 422 housing units at an average density of {{convert|649.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 389 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 35.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 45.9 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 913 people, 401 households, and 249 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,548.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 440 housing units at an average density of {{convert|746.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 401 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.3 males.

According to the 2000 census, the median income for a household in the city was $37,344, and the median income for a family was $46,484. Males had a median income of $35,543 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,211. About 8.5% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

