==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 177
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{{as of|2000|alt=As of the [[census]] of 2000}}, there were 171 people, 68 households, and 51 families residing in the CDP.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|114.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 68 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,036, and the median income for a family was $39,286. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,527. About 8.9% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

