==Demographics==
{{Update section|date=September 2022}}
{{US Census population
|1980= 2032
|1990= 1724
|2000= 1602
|2010= 1376
|2020= 1203
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 2, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=February 17, 2015}}</ref><ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=May 14, 2011|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,602 people, 645 households, and 437 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 2,142.0 people per square mile (824.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 709 housing units at an average density of 948.0 per square mile (365.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.25% of the population.

There were 645 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,343, and the median income for a family was $35,069. Males had a median income of $29,145 versus $18,086 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,426. About 11.8% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

