==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 302
|1880= 172
|1890= 159
|1900= 181
|1910= 182
|1920= 145
|1930= 126
|1940= 126
|1950= 128
|1960= 125
|1970= 137
|1980= 91
|1990= 100
|2000= 112
|2010= 124
|2020= 89
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 51 households, and 33 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|81.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 51 households, of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 39 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 112 people, 49 households, and 31 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|78.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|62.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 49 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,278, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $22,188 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,377. There were 17.5% of families and 19.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.8% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

