==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 349
|1900= 570
|1910= 740
|1920= 700
|1930= 624
|1940= 654
|1950= 689
|1960= 730
|1970= 658
|1980= 716
|1990= 638
|2000= 782
|2010= 783
|2020= 728
|estyear=2021
|estimate=725
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 1, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 1, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 881 people, 316 households, and 216 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|807.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 350 housing units at an average density of {{convert|360.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 316 households, of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 35.6 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 782 people, 308 households and 198 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|799.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 326 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 308 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.22.

Age distribution was 32.0% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 15.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The median household income was $32,857, and the median family income was $41,250. Males had a median income of $31,048 versus $16,932 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,307. About 6.8% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 19.8% of those age 65 or over.

