==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1800= 511
|1810= 628
|1820= 908
|1830= 1262
|1840= 1438
|1850= 2570
|1860= 3314
|1870= 3269
|1880= 5273
|1890= 6553
|1900= 7104
|1910= 9256
|1920= 10273
|1930= 11799
|1940= 11895
|1950= 12710
|1960= 12364
|1970= 12085
|1980= 10867
|1990= 10405
|2000= 9923
|2010= 9726
|2020= 9861
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/bristolboroughpennsylvania}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of a 2014 estimate, the borough was 69.2% Non-Hispanic White, 16.4% Black or African American, 1.5% Native American and Alaskan Native, 0.2% Asian, 3.5% Some other race, and 3.4% were Two or more races. 15.0% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |title=U.S. Census website |access-date=2015-11-18 }}</ref>

As of the 2010 census, the borough was 81.1 White, 9.5% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.6% Asian, and 3.5% were two or more races. 14.2% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |publisher=Usatoday.Com |access-date=2013-07-22}}</ref> There are 661 veterans living in Bristol Borough. There were 9,726 people, 4,237 households, and 3,926 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|6,016.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 4,207 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,550.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

There were 4,004 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.20. In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough in 2016 was $42,962. Males had a median income of $28,653 versus $19,278 for females. About 8.2% of families and 16% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

