==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 228
|1900= 216
|1910= 184
|1920= 148
|1930= 100
|1940= 120
|1950= 107
|1960= 67
|1970= 57
|1980= 33
|1990= 24
|2000= 23
|2010= 23
|2020= 15
|estyear=2024
|estimate=14
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 6, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 23 people, 13 households, and 6 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|104.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.8% were non-families. 53.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 46.5 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.3% were from 25 to 44; 21.6% were from 45 to 64; and 39.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 23 people, 9 households and 7 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|105.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. The ancestry make up was 55.2% [[Czech Americans|Czech]], 31.0% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 31.0% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]], 20.7% [[Dutch Americans|Dutch]], 6.9% [[Danish Americans|Danish]], 6.9% [[German Americans|German]], 6.9% [[French Americans|French]].

There were 9 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.00.

30.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 53.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $20,833 and the median family income was $22,083. Males had a median income of $33,750 compared with $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,176. There were no families and 10.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 42.9% of those over 64.

