==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 546
|1880= 529
|1890= 1169
|1900= 1345
|1910= 1605
|1920= 1463
|1930= 1406
|1940= 1421
|1950= 1331
|1960= 1365
|1970= 1377
|1980= 1423
|1990= 1401
|2000= 1486
|2010= 1366
|2020= 1257
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,366 people, 584 households, and 364 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|859.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 683 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 584 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 42.1 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.1% male and 52.9% female. La Plata has a growing settlement of [[Amish]], most of whom are engaged in farming.<ref>{{cite news|author=Winnerman, Jim|title=Amish migrate to new home in Missouri|work=[[St. Louis Post-Dispatch]]|date=August 12, 2012|url=https://www.stltoday.com/travel/amish-migrate-to-new-home-in-missouri/article_328a7ec4-28f9-509a-abbb-59035d22126b.html|access-date=May 25, 2020}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,486 people, 630 households, and 388 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,219.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 702 housing units at an average density of {{convert|575.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.68% of the population.

There were 630 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 79.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $36,071. Males had a median income of $26,438 versus $17,880 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,675. About 9.0% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

