==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 169
|1950= 103
|1960= 110
|1970= 139
|1980= 681
|1990= 240
|2000= 261
|2010= 451
|2020= 203
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 451 people, 189 households, and 112 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|311.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 286 housing units at an average density of {{convert|197.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 11.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.7% of the population.

There were 189 households, of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 38.3 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.9% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 58.1% male and 41.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 261 people, 100 households, and 65 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 198.7 people per square mile (76.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 148 housing units at an average density of 112.6 per square mile (43.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.03% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 34.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 3.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $34,643 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,943. About 11.4% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

