==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 115
|1920= 296
|1930= 331
|1940= 312
|1950= 294
|1960= 302
|1970= 325
|1980= 298
|1990= 275
|2000= 236
|2010= 299
|2020= 296
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 336
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-37.xlsxx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 236 people, 106 households, and 71 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|238.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 10.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.12% of the population.

There were 106 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,135. About 4.6% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.5% of those 65 or over.  {{clear left}}

