==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 605
| 1930 = 612
| 1940 = 656
| 1950 = 680
| 1960 = 744
| 1970 = 831
| 1980 = 685
| 1990 = 617
| 2000 = 514
| 2010 = 479
| 2020 = 462
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 443
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 514 people, 202 households, and 142 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|451.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|194.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 49.81% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 49.42% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.58% from two or more races. 1.17% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 202 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,518, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $19,205 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,176. About 19.4% of families and 21.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.9% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

