==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 100
|1900= 1051
|1910= 914
|1920= 614
|1930= 506
|1940= 572
|1950= 270
|1960= 282
|1970= 328
|1980= 393
|1990= 437
|2000= 451
|2010= 511
|2020= 443
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web|url = http://mcdc.missouri.edu/trends/tables/cities1900-1990.pdf|title = Missouri Population 1900 - 1990|format = [[comma-separated values|CSV]]|publisher = Missouri Census Data Center|access-date = 29 December 2013|url-status = dead|archive-url = https://web.archive.org/web/20140704072802/http://mcdc.missouri.edu/trends/tables/cities1900-1990.pdf|archive-date = 4 July 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 511 people, 192 households, and 121 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|751.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 192 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 45.9 years. 21.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 451 people, 190 households, and 113 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|674.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.33% of the population.

There were 190 households, of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.85. It was reported that in Greenville, 1.1% of all households contain [[lesbian]]s.

For people in the city aged 15 and over, 60.1% were married, 9.8% were divorced, 15.5% were single, never married, 11.9% were widowed, and 2.6% were separated.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,214, and the median income for a family was $39,375, and therefore lies at more than 30% below the national average. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $17,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,802. About 13.1% of families and 14.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

