==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 223
|1890= 293
|1900= 312
|1910= 278
|1920= 283
|1930= 304
|1940= 327
|1950= 389
|1960= 511
|1970= 728
|1980= 486
|1990= 465
|2000= 593
|2010= 751
|2020= 946
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 751 people, 347 households, and 221 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|743.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 347 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.3% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 46.8 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 43.9% male and 56.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 593 people, 258 households, and 170 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|494.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 301 housing units at an average density of {{convert|251.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.52% of the population.

There were 258 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,938, and the median income for a family was $58,542. Males had a median income of $42,250 versus $30,956 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,777. About 1.2% of families and 1.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

