==Demographics==
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Racial composition as of 2020''' (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')
!Race / Ethnicity
!Pop 2020
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|282
|74.21%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|66
|17.37%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|1
|0.26%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|5
|1.32%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Some Other Race]] alone (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed Race/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|13
|3.42%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|13
|3.42%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''380'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}
''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.''

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 358 people, 163 households, and 101 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|362.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 187 housing units at an average density of {{convert|189.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.84% of the population.

There were 163 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.0% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 82.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $31,500 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,835. About 6.7% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 20.3% of those age 65 or over.

