==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 445
|1890= 405
|1900= 423
|1910= 338
|1920= 286
|1930= 255
|1940= 301
|1950= 334
|1960= 313
|1970= 284
|1980= 311
|1990= 327
|2000= 254
|2010= 225
|2020= 247
|estyear=2021
|estimate=241
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 254 people, 112 households, and 74 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|344.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.79% from two or more races.

There were 112 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $31,071. Males had a median income of $21,023 versus $15,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $11,814. About 15.2% of families and 27.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.5% of those 65 or over.

