==Demographics==

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 505 people, 172 households, and 132 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 55.7 people per square mile (21.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 222 housing units at an average density of 24.5 per square mile (9.5/km<sup>2</sup>).

{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 416
| 1890 = 458
| 1900 = 538
| 1910 = 523
| 1920 = 586
| 1930 = 435
| 1940 = 683
| 1950 = 603
| 1960 = 478
| 1970 = 443
| 1980 = 445
| 1990 = 417
| 2000 = 505
| 2010 = 547
| 2020 = 550
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

There were 172 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 18.4% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males. The racial makeup of the town was 97.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.36% of the population.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,083, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $25,536 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,919. About 8.7% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

