==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 267
| 1930 = 426
| 1940 = 446
| 1950 = 392
| 1960 = 369
| 1970 = 373
| 1980 = 471
| 1990 = 329
| 2000 = 282
| 2010 = 315
| 2020 = 184
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Annona, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Annona%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 7, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 282 people, 116 households, and 72 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|349.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 43.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 37.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 12.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.67% of the population.

There were 116 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,731, and the median income for a family was $26,625. Males had a median income of $22,955 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,984. About 11.4% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.5% of those 65 or over.

