==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 415
|1840= 632
|1850= 917
|1860= 1168
|1870= 1463
|1880= 1722
|1890= 1735
|1900= 1827
|1910= 1914
|1920= 1661
|1930= 1909
|1940= 1977
|1950= 2075
|1960= 2363
|1970= 2058
|1980= 1980
|1990= 1982
|2000= 1664
|2010= 1617
|2020= 1290
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1293
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020—2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=August 5, 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,617 people, 754 households, and 399 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,243.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 857 housing units at an average density of {{convert|659.2|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% American Indian and Alaska Native (U.S. Census)|American Indian, 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 754 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.1% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 56.8% from 18 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.4 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,125, and the median income for a family was $48,867. Males had a median income of $33,077 versus $26,174 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,255. About 12.5% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.2% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.

