==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 476
|1930= 459
|1940= 554
|1950= 483
|1960= 397
|1970= 351
|1980= 272
|1990= 265
|2000= 242
|2010= 221
|2020= 212
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 221 people, 106 households, and 63 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|417.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 106 households, of which 23.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.6% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the town was 51.8 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.7% were from 25 to 44; 34.8% were from 45 to 64; and 25.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 242 people, 109 households, and 64 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|438.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 158 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,313, and the median income for a family was $28,438. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,163. About 20.6% of families and 26.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.9% of those 65 or over.

