==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 30
|1950= 44
|1960= 47
|1970= 58
|1980= 94
|1990= 94
|2000= 102
|2010= 109
|2020= 108
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
The current Iliamna first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980. Prior to 1940, the Iliamna listed on the census was for the former village of (Old) Iliamna, located on the east side of the lake, which is no longer in existence.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=old+iliamna&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 102 people, 35 households, and 26 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 39.22% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 50.00% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 10.78% from two or more races.

There were 35 households, out of which 45.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 34.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 2.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $60,625, and the median income for a family was $61,250. Males had a median income of $38,333 versus $36,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,741. There were no families and 3.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

