==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 339
| 1940 = 306
| 1950 = 311
| 1960 = 310
| 1970 = 344
| 1980 = 390
| 1990 = 358
| 2000 = 353
| 2010 = 314
| 2020 = 311
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Lawn racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4841872&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|255
|81.99%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|4
|1.29%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|8
|2.57%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|44
|14.15%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''311'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 311 people, 145 households, and 92 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 353 people, 137 households, and 100 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|625.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.22% of the population.

There were 137 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,281, and the median income for a family was $29,625. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,347. About 15.2% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.0% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

