==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1860|172
|1870|161
|1880|173
|1890|311
|1900|632
|1910|682
|1920|837
|1930|684
|1940|731
|1950|652
|1960|621
|1970|699
|1980|706
|1990|679
|2000|713
|2010|665
|2020|637
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-04-03}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 637 people, 297 households, and 165 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 546.4 inhabitants per square mile (211.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 314 housing units at an average density of 269.4 per square mile (104.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.2% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.9% of the population.

Of the 297 households, 29.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% were cohabitating couples, 38.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 44.4% of all households were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 27.2% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 and 44; 19.5% were from 45 and 64; and 23.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 665 people, 301 households, and 176 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|593.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 325 housing units at an average density of {{convert|290.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 301 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 42.1 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 713 people, 317 households, and 206 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|615.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.14% of the population.

There were 317 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.79.

Age spread: 23.3% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,042, and the median income for a family was $29,231. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $17,212 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,821. About 7.6% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

