==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 79
|1900= 300
|1910= 353
|1920= 421
|1930= 464
|1940= 449
|1950= 386
|1960= 403
|1970= 468
|1980= 499
|1990= 528
|2000= 548
|2010= 650
|2020= 600
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Sherman Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2867200&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|409
|68.17%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|136
|22.67%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.17%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|5
|0.83%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.17%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|30
|5.0%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|18
|3.0%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States Census]], there were 600 people, 289 households, and 180 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 548 people, 241 households, and 153 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|293.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 263 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 241 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,667, and the median income for a family was $29,844. Males had a median income of $29,038 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,301. About 20.4% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 22.7% of those age 65 or over.

