==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 96
|1940= 130
|1950= 107
|1960= 167
|1970= 117
|1980= 174
|1990= 83
|2000= 104
|2010= 114
|2020= 88

|estyear=2023
|estimate=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 88 people, and 48 households residing in the town.<ref>https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?q=Menderson+wy&page=1&stateGeo=none&searchtype=web&cssp=SERP&_charset_=UTF-8</ref>

The median Household income of $29,000 with an employment rate of 74.7%

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 114 people, 50 households, and 31 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|134.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.90|/sqmi|/km2|1|abbr=}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.6% of the population.

There were 50 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 47.5 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.8% were from 25 to 44; 35.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 104 people, 44 households, and 27 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 123.5 people per square mile (47.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 51 housing units at an average density of 60.5 per square mile (23.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 92.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.77% of the population.

There were 44 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,917, and the median income for a family was $30,357. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,143. There were 13.3% of families and 14.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

