==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 156
|1890= 207
|1900= 581
|1910= 399
|1920= 538
|1930= 521
|1940= 597
|1950= 572
|1960= 539
|1970= 636
|1980= 646
|1990= 652
|2000= 659
|2010= 642
|2020= 694
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=July 23, 2016}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 642 people, 306 households, and 174 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|629.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 306 households, of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were married couples living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the town was 53.1 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.3% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 29% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 659 people, 302 households, and 170 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|643.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 365 housing units at an average density of {{convert|356.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.67% of the population.

There were 302 households, out of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were married couples living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.7% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 3.8% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 28.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,118, and the median income for a family was $26,563. Males had a median income of $27,639 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,369. About 22.0% of families and 25.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.2% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

