==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Mountain Gate had a population of 815. The population density was {{convert|412.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Mountain Gate was 673 (82.6%) [[White Americans|White]], 4 (0.5%) [[African Americans|African American]], 16 (2.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 15 (1.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.1%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 27 (3.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 79 (9.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 64 persons (7.9%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Mountain Gate CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0649558 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 338 households, out of which 91 (26.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 139 (41.1%) were married-couple households, 41 (12.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 68 (20.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 90 (26.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 104 households (30.8%) were one person, and 57 (16.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.41.<ref name=DP1/> There were 201 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (59.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Mountain Gate CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0649558 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 174 people (21.3%) under the age of 18, 38 people (4.7%) aged 18 to 24, 162 people (19.9%) aged 25 to 44, 257 people (31.5%) aged 45 to 64, and 184 people (22.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 49.1{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|198.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 338 (86.2%) were occupied. Of these, 237 (70.1%) were owner-occupied, and 101 (29.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

