==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 76
|1880= 127
|1930= 439
|1940= 576
|1950= 571
|1960= 677
|1970= 715
|1980= 721
|1990= 692
|2000= 668
|2010= 871
|2020= 707
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 871 people, 352 households, and 213 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|554.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 406 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 352 households, of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the city was 39.2 years. 28.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 16.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.7% male and 54.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 668 people, 321 households, and 188 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|797.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|434.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 321 households, out of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 82.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,667, and the median income for a family was $21,667. Males had a median income of $21,184 versus $13,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,071. About 18.0% of families and 27.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.1% of those under age 18 and 33.6% of those age 65 or over.

