==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = right
|2020= 300
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census
<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1728612 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 300 people, 118 households, and 66 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|461.54|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|207.69|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 11.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.33% of the population.

There were 118 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.73% were married couples living together, 32.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.07% were non-families. 11.86% of all households were made up of individuals, and 0.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.25.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 13.6% under the age of 18, 14.3% from 18 to 24, 5.3% from 25 to 44, 37.4% from 45 to 64, and 29.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 136.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

