==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 123
|1930= 154
|1940= 125
|1950= 112
|1960= 121
|1970= 163
|1980= 190
|1990= 160
|2000= 153
|2010= 154
|2020= 135
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 19, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130602094321/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=June 2, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 154 people, 61 households and 40 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1026.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|440.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.4% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age was 39.6 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]], there were 153 people, 67 households and 44 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|987.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 69 housing units at an average density of {{convert|445.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.3% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.89.

20.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 35.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $37,500 and the median family income was $52,083. Males had a median income of $30,625 compared with $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,128. None of the families and 0.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.6% of those over 64.

