==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 306
| 1890 = 333
| 1900 = 386
| 1910 = 421
| 1920 = 447
| 1930 = 415
| 1940 = 408
| 1950 = 448
| 1960 = 417
| 1970 = 411
| 1980 = 412
| 1990 = 446
| 2000 = 326
| 2010 = 367
| 2020 = 388
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The economy of the village of La Valle is largely driven by tourism and the lake communities at nearby [[Lake Redstone]] and [[Dutch Hollow Lake]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 367 people, 165 households, and 97 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|873.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 165 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 39.1 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 326 people, 132 households, and 88 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 778.8 people per square mile (299.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 139 housing units at an average density of 332.0 per square mile (127.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.31% from two or more races. 2.15% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 132 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $42,000. Males had a median income of $31,953 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,823. None of the families and 3.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

