==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 174
|1910= 175
|1920= 250
|1930= 325
|1940= 346
|1950= 447
|1960= 334
|1970= 330
|1980= 350
|1990= 310
|2000= 292
|2010= 242
|2020= 247
|estyear=2022
|estimate=247
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 242 people, 115 households, and 63 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|672.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|375.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.1% of the population.

There were 115 households, of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.2% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 34.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 292 people, 133 households, and 79 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|817.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|414.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.45% of the population.

There were 133 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,250, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $26,786 versus $21,094 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,836. About 6.0% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.7% of those 65 or over.

