==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 126
|1910= 204
|1920= 231
|1930= 180
|1940= 168
|1950= 216
|1960= 192
|1970= 510
|1980= 471
|1990= 718
|2000= 864
|2010= 895
|2020= 962
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Fort Lawn racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4526845&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 14, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|557
|57.9%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|329
|34.2%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.31%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|3
|0.31%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.1%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|56
|5.82%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|13
|1.35%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 962 people, 358 households, and 242 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 864 people, 326 households, and 227 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|626.0|PD/sqmi|abbr=out}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{convert|252.1|/sqmi|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the town was 67.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.39% of the population.

There were 326 households, of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65, and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,694, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $30,882 versus $20,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,463. About 15.6% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.8% of those under age 18 and 25.7% of those age 65 or over.

