==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 152
| 1930 = 161
| 1940 = 180
| 1950 = 208
| 1960 = 186
| 1970 = 145
| 1980 = 161
| 1990 = 146
| 2000 = 127
| 2010 = 116
| 2020 = 64
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 67
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

At the time of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 116 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% White, 1.7% Hispanic or Latino of any race, and 0.9% from two or more races.

At the time of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 127 people, 49 households, and 36 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|115.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.76% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 10.24% from two or more races.

There were 49 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 13.4% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,000, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,076. Of the 0.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], there were no families, children under the age of 18, nor seniors over the age of 64.

