==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 757
| 2010 = 827
| 2020 = 720
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 757 people, 339 households, and 215 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|278.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 339 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,529, and the median income for a family was $37,188. Males had a median income of $28,250 versus $18,854 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,178.  About 19.2% of families and 23.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.8% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

