==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 1825
|1940= 1803
|1950= 2285
|1960= 2440
|1970= 2379
|1980= 2078
|1990= 1819
|2000= 1686
|2010= 1593
|2020= 1493
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1478
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===

As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> there were 1,593 people, 743 households, and 436 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1874.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 826 housing units at an average density of {{convert|971.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] individuals of any race made up 1.3% of the population.

There were 743 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the town was 41.8 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,686 people, 793 households, and 470 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,902.9 inhabitants per square mile (731.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 860 housing units at an average density of 970.6 per square mile (373.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.01% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 793 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,163, and the median income for a family was $39,318. Males had a median income of $26,855 versus $18,816 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,431. About 11.6% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.5% of those under age 18 and 1.5% of those age 65 or over.

