==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 561
| 1930 = 711
| 1940 = 840
| 1950 = 964
| 1960 = 787
| 1970 = 663
| 1980 = 622
| 1990 = 553
| 2000 = 586
| 2010 = 427
| 2020 = 355
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 330
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US0565900| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Sparkman city, Arkansas| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=October 13, 2015}}{{dead link|bot=medic|date=April 2020}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 427 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 55.3% White, 38.4% Black and 1.4% from two or more races. 4.9% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 586 people, 237 households, and 167 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|451.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 291 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 50.85% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 42.15% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 6.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.17% from two or more races.  6.83% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 237 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,208, and the median income for a family was $32,875. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $20,795 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,492.  About 14.0% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.4% of those under age 18 and 18.6% of those age 65 or over.

