==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 112
|1960= 60
|1970= 64
|1980= 69
|1990= 65
|2000= 75
|2010= 69
|2020= 84
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 69 people, 34 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|75.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 34 households, of which 14.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.1% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 51.8 years. 15.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 39.1% male and 60.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 75 people, 35 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|80.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 25.0% were of [[United States|American]], 25.0% [[Germans|German]], 14.3% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 11.9% [[Irish people|Irish]] and 9.5% [[Finns|Finnish]] ancestry.

There were 35 households, out of which 17.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.6% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.3% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,313, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,413. There were no families and 6.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.

