==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 278
|1890= 272
|1900= 290
|1910= 279
|1920= 239
|1930= 203
|1940= 154
|1950= 154
|1960= 107
|1970= 119
|1980= 109
|1990= 95
|2000= 83
|2010= 81
|2020= 46
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 81 people, 36 households, and 15 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|426.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 36 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 16.7% were [[married couples]] living together, 25.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 58.3% were non-families. 47.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the town was 34.2 years. 32.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 19.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 83 people, 40 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|610.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.41% of the population.

There were 40 households, out of which 15.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.0% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 42.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,964, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,946. There were 20.0% of families and 18.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

