==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 156
|1910= 183
|1920= 233
|1930= 249
|1940= 256
|1950= 278
|1960= 273
|1970= 254
|1980= 255
|1990= 282
|2000= 290
|2010= 252
|2020= 216
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 216 people, 107 households, and 68 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 673.5 inhabitants per square mile (260.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 118 housing units at an average density of 367.9 per square mile (142.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.9% of the population.

Of the 107 households, 34.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% were cohabitating couples, 19.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 22.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 36.4% of all households were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 16.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 and 44; 33.8% were from 45 and 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 252 people, 114 households, and 70 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|763.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races.

There were 114 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 290 people, 119 households, and 82 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|895.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|407.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.69% from two or more races.

There were 119 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.92.{{Citation needed|date=September 2022}}

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 14.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,594, and the median income for a family was $34,063. Males had a median income of $28,906 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,201. About 2.4% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.2% of those 65 or over.

