==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Pike had a population of 159. The population density was {{convert|36.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Pike was 130 (81.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.6%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2 (1.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 26 (16.4%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 11 persons (6.9%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Pike CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0657036 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 75 households, out of which 14 (18.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 36 (48.0%) were married-couple households, 3 (4.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 1 (1.3%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 35 (46.7%) had a male householder with no partner present. 32 households (42.7%) were one person, and 15 (20.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.12.<ref name=DP1/> There were 42 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (56.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Pike CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0657036 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 20 people (12.6%) under the age of 18, 2 people (1.3%) aged 18 to 24, 33 people (20.8%) aged 25 to 44, 40 people (25.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 64 people (40.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 56.9{{nbsp}}years. There were 87 males and 72 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 75 (86.2%) were occupied. Of these, 57 (76.0%) were owner-occupied, and 18 (24.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

