==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 111
| 1920 = 138
| 1930 = 101
| 1940 = 108
| 1950 = 149
| 1960 = 112
| 1970 = 102
| 1980 = 116
| 1990 = 120
| 2000 = 96
| 2010 = 132
| 2020 = 118
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 132 people, 49 households, and 33 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|550.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.7% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age in the village was 34.7 years. 28% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.3% male and 44.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 96 people, 45 households, and 25 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 407.6 people per square mile (154.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 52 housing units at an average density of 220.8 per square mile (83.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 45 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 42.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,363. There were no families and 8.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 21.7% of those over 64.

