==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 292
|1930= 219
|1940= 256
|1950= 229
|1960= 160
|1970= 125
|1980= 86
|1990= 79
|2000= 62
|2010= 56
|2020= 61
|estyear=2024
|estimate=70
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 6, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 56 people, 30 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|53.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, of which 6.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.47.

The median age in the city was 56.8 years. 5.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 39.3% were from 45 to 64; and 33.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 62 people, 30 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|55.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 33.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,563, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males and females had a median income of $21,250. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,584. There were 16.7% of families and 18.2% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 26.7% of those over 64.

