==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 93
|2000= 602
|2010= 600
|2020= 580
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 600 people, 229 households, and 175 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|731.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 239 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 229 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.6% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 38.3 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 602 people, 212 households, and 172 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|806.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 232 housing units at an average density of {{convert|310.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 212 households, out of which 40.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.4% were non-families. 15.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $57,727, and the median income for a family was $58,375. Males had a median income of $40,893 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,606. About 4.6% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.1% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

{| class="wikitable" style="float:right; font-size:95%;"
|+ Presidential Elections Results<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://decisiondeskhq.com/data-dives/creating-a-national-precinct-map/ |title=Creating a National Precinct Map – Decision Desk HQ |access-date=January 6, 2018 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20170820073655/https://decisiondeskhq.com/data-dives/creating-a-national-precinct-map/ |archive-date=August 20, 2017 |url-status=dead }}</ref>
|- bgcolor=lightgrey
! Year
! [[Republican Party (United States)|Republican]]
! [[Democratic Party (United States)|Democratic]]
! [[Third Party (United States)|Third Parties]]
|-
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Republican}}|'''[[2016 United States presidential election|2016]]'''
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Republican}}|'''77.08%''' ''37''
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Democratic}}|16.67% ''8''
| style="text-align:center; background:honeyDew;"|6.25% ''3''
|-
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Republican}}|'''[[2012 United States presidential election|2012]]'''
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Republican}}|'''75.%''' ''30''
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Democratic}}|22.5% ''9''
| style="text-align:center; background:honeyDew;"|2.5% ''1''
|-
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Democratic}}|'''[[2008 United States presidential election|2008]]'''
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Republican}}|47.5% ''19''
| style="text-align:center; {{Party shading/Democratic}}|'''52.5%''' ''21''
| style="text-align:center; background:honeyDew;"|0% ''0''
|}

