==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 897
|1920= 960
|1930= 822
|1940= 1017
|1950= 929
|1960= 1597
|1970= 1547
|1980= 1170
|1990= 1146
|2000= 1104
|2010= 1106
|2020= 966
|estyear=2022
|estimate=955
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,106 people, 489 households, and 273 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|260.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 577 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 489 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,104 people, 490 households, and 271 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|334.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 540 housing units at an average density of {{convert|163.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 94.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 490 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,281, and the median income for a family was $43,000. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,653.  About 6.5% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.6% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

