==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 126
|1900= 251
|1910= 204
|1920= 167
|1930= 216
|1940= 206
|1950= 222
|1960= 237
|1970= 224
|1980= 510
|1990= 717
|2000= 710
|2010= 698
|2020= 773
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 710 people, 273 households, and 209 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|141.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 294 housing units at an average density of {{convert|58.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.31% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.41% from two or more races. 0.42% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 273 households, out of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.1% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,688, and the median income for a family was $29,519. Males had a median income of $25,982 versus $17,279 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,372. About 15.3% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.9% of those under age 18 and 17.5% of those age 65 or over.

