==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 259
|1970= 267
|1980= 304
|1990= 287
|2000= 346
|2010= 448
|2020= 436
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 448 people, 164 households, and 119 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|382.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 184 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 83.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.0% of the population.

There were 164 households, of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.4% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the city was 34.2 years. 31.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 7.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 346 people, 130 households, and 80 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|826.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 89.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.16% of the population.

There were 130 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,125, and the median income for a family was $36,458. Males had a median income of $26,635 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,026.  About 14.7% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

