==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 598
|1980= 689
|1990= 560
|2000= 455
|2010= 498
|2020= 422
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 455 people, 173 households, and 129 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|648.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.91% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.49% of the population.

There were 173 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,407, and the median income for a family was $30,500. Males had a median income of $25,875 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,999. About 16.1% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.0% of those under age 18 and 4.2% of those age 65 or over.

