==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 237
|1940= 250
|1950= 157
|1960= 124
|1970= 70
|1980= 73
|1990= 58
|2000= 77
|2010= 74
|2020= 57
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 77 people, 37 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|309.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.9|/sqmi|/km2|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.48% of the population.

There were 37 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 1.3% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 62.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $23,214. Males had a median income of $19,167 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,933. There were 26.9% of families and 25.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.
{{clear}}

