==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 370
|1880= 479
|1890= 623
|1900= 738
|1910= 708
|1920= 595
|1930= 596
|1940= 534
|1950= 513
|1960= 523
|1970= 567
|1980= 620
|1990= 593
|2000= 592
|2010= 624
|2020= 615
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of July 2009, there were 638 people, up 7.8% since 2000. 46.8%(298) of residents were male and 53.2%(340) were female. The median resident age at this time was 38.8 years. The 2000 census recorded 592 people, 233 households, and 143 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|578.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|266.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 233 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The estimated median household income was $50,471 in 2008. In 2000 the income was estimated to be $37,750 and the median income for a family was $49,107. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $26,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,608. About 1.6% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.2% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

