==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 293
|1940= 509
|1950= 492
|1960= 476
|1970= 619
|1980= 900
|1990= 826
|2000= 678
|2010= 571
|2020= 588
|estyear=2022
|estimate=579
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 17, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 17, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 16, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 571 people, 252 households, and 169 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1241.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 310 housing units at an average density of {{convert|673.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 252 households, of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.9% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 49.3 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.4% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 678 people, 279 households, and 196 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,743.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 310 housing units at an average density of {{convert|797.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 279 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,406, and the median income for a family was $57,045. Males had a median income of $54,750 versus $18,393 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,043. About 2.1% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 9.9% of those under age 18 and 17.8% of those age 65 or over.

