==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 2168
|2020= 2074
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,168 people, 951 households, and 648 families living in the area. The population density was {{convert|1,721.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 998 housing units at an average density of {{convert|792.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the area was 96.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.32% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 951 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the area the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the area was $30,595, and the median income for a family was $34,617. Males had a median income of $29,432 versus $27,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the area was $17,112. About 5.3% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.0% of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

