==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 486
|1940= 709
|1950= 845
|1960= 882
|1970= 604
|1980= 476
|1990= 437
|2000= 415
|2010= 375
|2020= 333
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the town was $58,250, and the median income for a family was $56,038. Males had a median income of $34,500 versus $11,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,244. About 1.7% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 3.7% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 375 people, 150 households, and 107 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|214.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 176 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 150 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.7% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the town was 39.4 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

