==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 592
| 2010 = 509
| 2020 = 551
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 592 people, 214 households, and 167 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|122.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 230 housing units at an average density of {{convert|47.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.69% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 39.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.5% were non-families. 18.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $34,792 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,534. About 17.9% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 23.1% of those age 65 or over.

As of 2012, out of the residents ages 25 and over, 73.9% possess a high school degree, 5.2% possess a bachelor's degree, and 2.4% possess a graduate or bachelor's degree.<ref name="Cordova, MD">{{cite web|title=Cordova, MD|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Cordova-Maryland.html|accessdate=7 May 2013}}</ref> For the population of residents 15 and over, 24.9% have never been married, 58.8% are now married, 2% are separated, 1.7% are widowed, and 12.7% are divorced.<ref name="Cordova, MD"/>

There were 49 veterans living in Cordova as of 2011.<ref>{{cite web|title=Cordova CDP, Maryland |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=7 May 2013 }}</ref>

