==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 142
|1920= 183
|1930= 210
|1940= 171
|1950= 180
|1960= 142
|1970= 99
|1980= 97
|1990= 69
|2000= 64
|2010= 36
|2020= 35
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> there were 36 people, 20 households and 10 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|200.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|172.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 20 households, of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.40.

The median age in the town was 54.3 years. 11.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.4% were from 25 to 44; 41.7% were from 45 to 64; and 27.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 64 people, 29 households and 20 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|357.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race accounted for 1.56% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 31.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.75.

20.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 37.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $23,125 and the median family income was $24,375. Males had a median income of $9,375 compared with $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $25,402. There were 11.8% of families and 19.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

