==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 817
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 698 people, 293 households, and 229 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|317.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 293 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.8% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 20, 2.9% from 20 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $90,625, and the median income for a family was $105,139. Males had a median income of $75,096 versus $52,578 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $43,095. No one was shown under the poverty line.

===Housing===
There were 336 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. 12.8% of housing units were vacant.

There were 293 occupied housing units in the CDP. 271 were owner-occupied units (92.5%), while 22 were renter-occupied (7.5%). The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.1% of total units. The rental unit vacancy rate was 4.3%.<ref name="GR2" />

''NOTE: It is common for resort communities to have higher than normal vacant house counts. Many are vacation homes which are seasonal and not regularly occupied.''

