==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,569 people, 1,169 households, and 648 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 1,557.6 per square mile (601.1/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 1,235 housing units at an average density of 748.8 per square mile (289.0/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 96.54% (2,480) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% (14) [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% (11) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% (17) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% (1) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.71% (43) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 1,169 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,667, and the median income for a family was $44,094. Males had a median income of $34,200 versus $21,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,221.  About 8.1% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.

