==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 342
| 1920 = 425
| 1930 = 428
| 1940 = 436
| 1950 = 370
| 1960 = 401
| 1970 = 359
| 1980 = 477
| 1990 = 452
| 2000 = 356
| 2010 = 409
| 2020 = 359
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 409 people, 156 households, and 94 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|282.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|119.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2% of the population.

There were 156 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.7% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the village was 43.7 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.7% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 356 people, 146 households, and 83 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 244.8 people per square mile (94.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 169 housing units at an average density of 116.2 per square mile (45.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 146 households, out of which 24% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $37,750. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $22,361 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,665. About 7.9% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.

