==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 1709
|1930= 1972
|1940= 1907
|1950= 1754
|1960= 1229
|1970= 1112
|1980= 994
|1990= 779
|2000= 762
|2010= 675
|2020= 591
|estyear=2021
|estimate=584
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the [[median household income]] was $26,016 and the median family income was $36,042. Males had a median income of $29,250 compared with $20,227 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,199. About 13.3% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.0% of those under age 18 and 17.7% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 675 people, 301 households, and 180 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2327.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1300.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.5% from two or more races.

There were 301 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 40.8 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

