==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 333
|1900= 289
|1910= 236
|1920= 220
|1930= 204
|1940= 186
|1950= 223
|1960= 265
|1970= 272
|1980= 252
|1990= 236
|2000= 232
|2010= 205
|2020= 189
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 205 people, 83 households, and 52 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|539.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|255.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 83 households, of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 39.4 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 232 people, 86 households, and 63 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|642.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|260.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.86% from two or more races.

There were 86 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,568, and the median income for a family was $30,694. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,376.  About 8.2% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 28.0% of those 65 or over.

