==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 85
|1930= 93
|1940= 92
|1960= 111
|1970= 94
|1980= 111
|1990= 108
|2000= 107
|2010= 113
|2020= 88
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Perryville first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village (also listed under the alternative name of Chignik Post Office). It reported in every successive census except for 1950, when it did not appear. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 107 people, 33 households, and 23 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|11.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.87% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 97.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.93% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, out of which 51.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were married couples living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.24 and the average family size was 4.04.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.3% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 3.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,875, and the median income for a family was $54,583. Males had a median income of $0 versus $38,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,935. There were 5.3% of families and 16.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

