==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 45
|1900= 510
|1910= 568
|1920= 753
|1930= 680
|1940= 706
|1950= 836
|1960= 828
|1970= 824
|1980= 827
|1990= 780
|2000= 1005
|2010= 1102
|2020= 1158
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5512950">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Cashton village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5512950&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 31, 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,158. The [[population density]] was {{convert|908.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 494 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 84.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.8% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 6.6% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 14.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,102 people, 448 households, and 292 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|834.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 497 housing units at an average density of {{convert|376.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.4% of the population.

There were 448 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the village was 34.7 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,005 people, 415 households, and 271 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 973.3 people per square mile (376.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 463 housing units at an average density of 448.4 per square mile (173.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.59% of the population.

There were 415 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,274 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,425. About 10.2% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.1% of those under age 18 and 12.6% of those age 65 or over.

