==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 286
| 2000 = 296
| 2010 = 337
| 2020 = 325
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Grays Prairie, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Grays%20Prairie%20village,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 21, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, 296 people, 98 households, and 87 families resided in the village. The population density was {{convert|235.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 103 housing units had an average density of {{convert|81.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|abbr=on}}. The [[Race (United States Census)|racial makeup]] of the village was 92.23% White, 2.03% African American, 0.68% Native American, 3.38% from other races, and 1.69% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 7.43% of the population.

Of the 98 households, 45.9% had children under 18 living with them, 73.5% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.2% were not families. About 5.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.1% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 3.02,, and the average family size was 3.17.

In the village, the age distribution was 28.7% under, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.6 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 102.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $43,864, and for a family was $44,722. Males had a median income of $36,000 versus $31,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,529. None of the families and 1.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no one under 18 and 8.3% of those 65 or older.

