==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 945
|1920= 442
|1930= 703
|1940= 541
|1950= 473
|1960= 390
|1970= 421
|1980= 519
|1990= 536
|2000= 628
|2010= 562
|2020= 600
|estyear=2024
|estimate=615
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=May 2025|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 24, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census{{r|2020 Census (City)}}
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 562 people, 222 households, and 148 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|986.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 243 housing units at an average density of {{convert|426.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 222 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 40.3 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 628 people, 219 households, and 169 families living in the town. The population density was 1,419.7 people per square mile (551.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 236 housing units at an average density of 533.5 per square mile (207.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 92.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.32% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.07% of the population.

There were 219 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 29.8% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,286, and the median income for a family was $32,708. Males had a median income of $36,071 versus $22,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,613. About 18.5% of families and 25.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.2% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

