==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 53
|1890= 143
|1900= 198
|1910= 227
|1920= 339
|1930= 357
|1940= 408
|1950= 420
|1960= 416
|1970= 456
|1980= 318
|1990= 299
|2000= 269
|2010= 311
|2020= 268
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Pollocksville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3753200&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 153
| 57.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 76
| 28.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 1.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 17
| 6.34%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 19
| 7.09%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 268 people, 117 households, and 48 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 269 people, 126 households, and 76 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|852.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 153 housing units at an average density of {{convert|485.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 20.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 126 households, out of which 21.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 38.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $36,429 versus $18,571 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,528. About 7.4% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.3% of those 65 or over.

