==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1933
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> [[2000 United States census|of 2000]], there were 1,708 people, 693 households, and 474 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|178.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 826 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.16% of the population.

There were 693 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,214, and the median income for a family was $43,250. Males had a median income of $31,759 versus $19,957 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,297. About 8.9% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

