==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 144
|1960= 175
|1970= 152
|1980= 140
|1990= 119
|2000= 108
|2010= 189
|2020= 142
|estyear=2021
|estimate=141
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 189 people, 47 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|170.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|83.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 47 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $44,688. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $25,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $26,053. 11.2% of the population and 9.7% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 5.3% of those under the age of 18 and 26.3% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

