==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 665
|1930= 837
|1940= 844
|1950= 694
|1960= 714
|1970= 756
|1980= 677
|1990= 578
|2000= 577
|2010= 617
|2020= 583
|estyear=2021
|estimate=570
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=17 July 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 577 people, 259 households, and 178 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|297.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 259 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $35,221, and the median income for a family was $41,719. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,670. About 3.8% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

