==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 210
|2020= 237
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Moskowite Corner first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Moskowite Corner had a population of 237. The population density was {{convert|83.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Moskowite Corner was 122 (51.5%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.8%) [[African Americans|African American]], 7 (3.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 5 (2.1%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 60 (25.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 41 (17.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 102 persons (43.0%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Moskowite Corner CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0649432 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 90 households, out of which 41 (45.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 50 (55.6%) were married-couple households, 11 (12.2%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 19 (21.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 10 (11.1%) had a male householder with no partner present. 20 households (22.2%) were one person, and 17 (18.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.63.<ref name=DP1/> There were 60 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (66.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Moskowite Corner CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0649432 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 29, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 47 people (19.8%) under the age of 18, 12 people (5.1%) aged 18 to 24, 76 people (32.1%) aged 25 to 44, 76 people (32.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 26 people (11.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 39.3{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 91.1 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, which were all occupied, 64 (71.1%) by homeowners, and 26 (28.9%) by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

