==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 276
|1960= 369
|1970= 315
|1980= 297
|1990= 250
|2000= 221
|2010= 132
|2020= 123
|estyear=2023
|estimate=124
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 132 people, 67 households, and 36 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|171.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|98.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.3% were non-families. 41.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the village was 52 years. 15.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.6% were from 25 to 44; 37.1% were from 45 to 64; and 24.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 221 people, 93 households, and 59 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,201.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|597.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 93 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,179, and the median income for a family was $31,786. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,926. About 11.4% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.8% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

