==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 478
| 1930 = 230
| 1940 = 349
| 1950 = 414
| 1960 = 335
| 1970 = 273
| 1980 = 315
| 1990 = 311
| 2000 = 319
| 2010 = 320
| 2020 = 326
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 5, 2013}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 14, 2016|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 320 people, 144 households, and 99 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1032.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.

There were 144 households, of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the town was 46.4 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 24.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.8% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 319 people, 148 households, and 95 families residing in the town. The population density was 1,026.7 people per square mile (397.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 168 housing units at an average density of 540.7 per square mile (209.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.45% of the population.

There were 148 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 21.9% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $21,667 for females. The per capita income for the town was $17,368. About 13.3% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

