==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 333
|1880= 531
|1890= 683
|1900= 800
|1910= 717
|1920= 730
|1930= 796
|1940= 864
|1950= 924
|1960= 958
|1970= 929
|1980= 855
|1990= 854
|2000= 784
|2010= 689
|2020= 671
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 784 people, 331 households, and 225 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,242.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 365 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,044.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 99.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.13% of the population.

There were 331 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 23.3% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 6.9% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 24.5% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 24.4% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 20.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-two years.

For every one hundred females, there were 93.6 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 79.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $24,688, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $31,667 compared with that of $19,792 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,449.

Approximately 19.3% of families and 21.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 7.2% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

