==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1900= 903
|1910= 1899
|1920= 2350
|1930= 3405
|1940= 4061
|1950= 4825
|1960= 5753
|1970= 6156
|1980= 5950
|1990= 6157
|2000= 6170
|2010= 6194
|2020= 6543
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status = dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/swarthmoreboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref>
}}}}
As of the 2010 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 6,194 people, 1,963 households, and 1,327 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4,460.4|PD/sqmi}}. There were 2,081 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,492.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 82.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], .7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 1,963 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 15.8% from 20 to 24, 15.3% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.<ref name=":0"/>

As of 2015, median income for a household in the borough was $101,686, and the median income for a family was $144,570.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|language=en|access-date=2017-07-27}}</ref> Males had a median income of $71,750 versus $51,117 for females.{{citation needed|date=July 2017}} The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $40,482. {{citation needed|date=July 2017}} About 0.0% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].<ref name=":0" />

