==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 138
|1920= 206
|1930= 192
|1940= 158
|1950= 120
|1960= 116
|1970= 82
|1980= 100
|1990= 88
|2000= 87
|2010= 78
|2020= 81
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 23, 2016|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title = U.S. Census website|url = https://www.census.gov|publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate = June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 78 people, 30 households, and 17 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 43.3% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.41.

The median age in the town was 41 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 42.4% were from 45 to 64; and 3.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 87 people, 30 households, and 26 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|330.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|125.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.15% from two or more races.

There were 30 households, out of which 56.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.3% were non-families. 10.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.5% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 34.5% from 25 to 44, 14.9% from 45 to 64, and 4.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,333, and the median income for a family was $39,167. Males had a median income of $26,000 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,781. There were 5.0% of families and 9.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 9.5% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

