==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 81
|1930= 404
|1940= 305
|1950= 231
|1960= 188
|1970= 119
|1980= 85
|1990= 88
|2000= 81
|2010= 53
|2020= 37
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 53 people, 23 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|378.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|342.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 23 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 17% of residents were under the age of 18; 15.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.5% were from 25 to 44; 39.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 81 people, 33 households, and 22 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|538.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.47% of the population.

There were 33 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 29.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $29,063 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,059. There were 26.3% of families and 28.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 63.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

