==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 355
|1890= 431
|1900= 505
|1910= 528
|1920= 479
|1930= 412
|1940= 432
|1950= 434
|1960= 455
|1970= 391
|1980= 409
|1990= 341
|2000= 319
|2010= 335
|2020= 269
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 335 people, 129 households, and 96 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|577.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 129 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the town was 38.5 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 319 people, 135 households, and 88 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|558.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.31% from two or more races.

There were 135 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,500, and the median income for a family was $46,071. Males had a median income of $27,308 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,928. About 2.2% of families and 2.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

===Notable person===
* [[Warder Clyde Allee]], zoologist, ecologist, and namesake of the [[Allee effect]]<ref name="Warder Clyde Allee"/>

