==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 2420
|1900= 2626
|1910= 2613
|1920= 2592
|1930= 2680
|1940= 2457
|1950= 2258
|1960= 1975
|1970= 1790
|1980= 1841
|1990= 1611
|2000= 1656
|2010= 1457
|2020= 1377
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,457 people, 647 households, and 369 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|779.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 755 housing units at an average density of {{convert|403.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 647 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.0% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,656 people, 713 households, and 444 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|869.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 776 housing units at an average density of {{convert|407.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 713 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 25.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $25,947, and the median income for a family was $33,150. Males had a median income of $26,200 versus $18,800 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,978. About 12.2% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.0% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

