==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 244
|1920= 221
|1930= 224
|1940= 204
|1950= 187
|1960= 176
|1970= 156
|1980= 167
|1990= 177
|2000= 192
|2010= 192
|2020= 173
|estyear=2021
|estimate=170
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 24, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 192 people, 78 households, and 53 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|505.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 38.3 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 194 people, 77 households, and 49 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|501.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 77 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $27,321 versus $15,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,024. About 3.7% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.7% of those 65 or over.

