==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 279
|1920= 307
|1930= 278
|1940= 267
|1950= 235
|1960= 195
|1970= 150
|1980= 139
|1990= 145
|2000= 149
|2010= 142
|2020= 113
|estyear=2024
|estimate=112
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 15, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 142 people, 45 households, and 38 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|159.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|57.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 45 households, of which 48.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 17.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 15.6% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the city was 32.5 years. 31.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 5.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 60.6% male and 39.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 149 people, 47 households, and 42 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|169.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.67% from two or more races.

There were 47 households, out of which 44.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.6% were non-families. 6.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.17 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.6% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $20,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,084. There were 6.1% of families and 9.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

