==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 132
|1910= 312
|1920= 300
|1930= 225
|1940= 242
|1950= 215
|1960= 176
|1970= 154
|1980= 156
|1990= 130
|2000= 96
|2010= 106
|2020= 89
|estyear=2022
|estimate=88
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 106 people, 51 households, and 28 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|883.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 51 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.1% were non-families. 43.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 38.7 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 96 people, 48 households, and 27 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|825.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|516.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 41.7% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.6% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $31,215. There were no families and 3.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.0% of those over 64.

