==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 486
|1900= 443
|1910= 395
|1920= 262
|1930= 247
|1940= 254
|1950= 235
|1960= 179
|1970= 188
|1980= 208
|1990= 247
|2000= 259
|2010= 228
|2020= 160
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df= }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 228 people, 87 households, and 56 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|335.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 87 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the village was 36.5 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 259 people, 104 households, and 74 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|384.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.77% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 104 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,188, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,094. About 8.0% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under the age of 18 and 25.8% of those 65 or over.

