==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 365
|1890= 382
|1900= 630
|1910= 664
|1920= 805
|1930= 866
|1940= 1036
|1950= 1088
|1960= 954
|1970= 1036
|1980= 1180
|1990= 1041
|2000= 1244
|2010= 1336
|2020= 1498
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5536800">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Independence city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5536800&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=5 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,498. The [[population density]] was {{convert|359.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 681 housing units at an average density of {{convert|163.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 68.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 17.4% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 10.9% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 32.3% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,336 people, 606 households, and 352 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1052.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 676 housing units at an average density of {{convert|532.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.9% of the population.

There were 606 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 37.7 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,244 people, 581 households, and 317 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 978.8 people per square mile (378.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 619 housing units at an average density of 487.0 per square mile (188.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.61% of the population.

There were 581 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.4% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,389, and the median income for a family was $41,691. Males had a median income of $26,389 versus $21,065 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,977. About 6.2% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 18.5% of those age 65 or over.

