==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 248
|1930= 260
|1940= 216
|1950= 248
|1960= 213
|1970= 249
|1980= 300
|1990= 310
|2000= 268
|2010= 210
|2020= 190
|estyear=2022
|estimate=188
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 210 people, 100 households, and 61 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|146.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 100 households, of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 50.4 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 268 people, 112 households, and 73 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|436.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 112 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,156, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,849. About 6.3% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 12.3% of those 65 or over.

