==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 148
|1970= 102
|1980= 69
|1990= 35
|2000= 26
|2010= 23
|2020= 17
|estyear=2022
|estimate=15
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 23 people, 11 households, and 7 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 13.0% from two or more races.

There were 11 households, of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 52.5 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 17.3% were from 45 to 64; and 39.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 26 people, 11 households, and 7 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|114.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.85% from two or more races.

There were 11 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 27.3% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 30.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $47,917, and the median income for a family was $49,583. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $22,529. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

