==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 860
|1890= 813
|1900= 878
|1910= 882
|1920= 814
|1930= 760
|1940= 704
|1950= 513
|1960= 471
|1970= 400
|1980= 421
|1990= 364
|2000= 369
|2010= 278
|2020= 281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 278 people, 120 households, and 79 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|259.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 120 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 369 people, 153 households, and 98 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|341.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.

There were 153 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.9% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $30,250. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,437. About 8.6% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.7% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

