==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 53
|1890= 341
|1900= 426
|1910= 432
|1920= 372
|1930= 365
|1940= 371
|1950= 345
|1960= 340
|1970= 285
|1980= 286
|1990= 299
|2000= 310
|2010= 324
|2020= 250
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 324 people, 132 households, and 89 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1472.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|690.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.6% of the population.

There were 132 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 41.5 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 310 people, 132 households, and 81 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,006.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|447.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $44,583. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $19,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,076. About 5.1% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

