==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 357
|1940= 408
|1950= 585
|1960= 1267
|1970= 1789
|1980= 1783
|1990= 1521
|2000= 1496
|2010= 1425
|2020= 1446
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[Census]] of 2000, there were 1,496 people, 539 households, and 454 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,456.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 560 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.94% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 539 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.6% were non-families. 12.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 18.9% from 25 to 44, 35.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $151,816, and the median income for a family was $163,820. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $55,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $71,798. None of the families and 2.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 2.9% of those over 64.

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=November 17, 2024 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> there were 1,446 people. The racial makeup of the village was 90.46% White, 2.01% Asian, 0.35% Black, 0.07% American Indian, 1.80% were of some other race, and 5.32% were of two or more races.

