==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 1002
| 2010 = 953
| 2020 = 847
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,002 people, 502 households, and 275 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 146.6 people per square mile (56.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 902 housing units at an average density of 132.0/sq&nbsp;mi (51.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.89% of the population. 17.9% were of [[English people|English]], 14.6% [[Germans|German]], 8.6% [[Swedish people|Swedish]], 7.5% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 7.2% [[French people|French]], 5.5% [[Ulster Scots people|Scotch-Irish]] and 5.2% [[United States|American]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 502 households, out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.2% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 15.5% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 31.5% from 45 to 64, and 25.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,776, and the median income for a family was $36,979. Males had a median income of $35,833 versus $36,161 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,723. About 9.9% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 49.6% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

