==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 224
|1900= 469
|1910= 497
|1920= 824
|1930= 781
|1940= 972
|1950= 1143
|1960= 1099
|1970= 1138
|1980= 1224
|1990= 1143
|2000= 1314
|2010= 1302
|2020= 1365
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1410
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 19, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 19, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 1,302 people, 576 households, and 328 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|829.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 671 housing units at an average density of {{convert|427.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 576 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 45.8 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 25.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,314 people, 565 households, and 328 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|834.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 633 housing units at an average density of {{convert|401.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 565 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.9% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 30.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,235, and the median income for a family was $40,875. Males had a median income of $30,865 versus $21,184 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,030. About 7.9% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 23.6% of those age 65 or over.

