==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 202
|1930= 162
|1940= 149
|1950= 129
|1960= 104
|1970= 74
|1980= 71
|1990= 51
|2000= 43
|2010= 43
|2020= 35
|estyear=2022
|estimate=34
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 6, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 6, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

Regan is part of the "[[Bismarck, North Dakota|Bismarck]], [[North Dakota|ND]] [[Metropolitan Statistical Area]]" or "[[Bismarck–Mandan]]".

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 43 people in 23 households, including 12 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|42.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 95.3% White and 4.7% from two or more races.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 14, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 23 households 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were married couples living together, and 47.8% were non-families. 43.5% of households were one person and 13% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age was 54.5 years. 16.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 27.9% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.1% male and 41.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 43 people in 23 households, including 12 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|42.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.00% White.

Of the 23 households 17.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were married couples living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.5% were non-families. 34.8% of households were one person and none had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.31.

The age distribution was 11.6% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% 65 or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 137.5 males.

The median household income was $17,083 and the median family income  was $30,417. Males had a median income of $18,333 versus $21,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,224. There were 30.8% of families and 36.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 80.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

