==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 952
|1960= 921
|1970= 1027
|1980= 1276
|1990= 1104
|2000= 940
|2010= 942
|2020= 877
|estyear=2021
|estimate=867
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 942 people, 431 households, and 243 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1223.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 509 housing units at an average density of {{convert|661.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 431 households, of which 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 44.8 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 940 people, 402 households, and 254 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,214.9 inhabitants per square mile (471.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 482 housing units at an average density of 623.0 per square mile (241.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 402 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,250, and the median income for a family was $26,932. Males had a median income of $20,662 versus $17,159 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,554. About 19.9% of families and 25.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.8% of those under age 18 and 20.1% of those age 65 or over.

