==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 252
|1860= 241
|1870= 297
|1880= 500
|1890= 404
|1920= 392
|1930= 388
|1940= 482
|1950= 616
|1960= 902
|1970= 1107
|1980= 1135
|1990= 1142
|2000= 1147
|2010= 1259
|2020= 1304
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,259 people, 517 households, and 332 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1383.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 569 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 517 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.8% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.98.

in the village was 36.1 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,147 people, 507 households, and 319 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|1,244.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 531 housing units at an average density of {{convert|576.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 94.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% Black or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 507 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,359, and the median income for a family was $37,132. Males had a median income of $32,969 versus $21,319 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,842.  About 8.7% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

