==Demographics==
{{update|section|date=August 2023}}
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 1343
|1890= 1818
|1900= 1964
|1910= 1813
|1920= 1919
|1930= 1868
|1940= 1679
|1950= 1792
|1960= 1750
|1970= 1674
|1980= 1539
|1990= 1623
|2000= 1480
|2010= 1379
|2020= 1377
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref>{{cite web |publisher=US Census Bureau |title=Census Report, Philmont village, NY |url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Philmont%20village,%20New%20York}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}{{better source|date=August 2023}}</ref> there were 1,480 people, 576 households and 361 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,256.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 644 housing units at an average density of {{convert|546.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial make-up of the village was 94.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] and 1.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.72% of the population.

There were 576 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 37.3% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.20.

28.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64 and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,094 and the median family income was $41,944. Males had a median income of $27,188 and females $23,274. The [[per capita income]] was $16,162. About 11.3% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear left}}
