==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 254
|1910= 214
|1920= 169
|1930= 160
|1940= 151
|1950= 165
|1960= 135
|1970= 151
|1980= 128
|1990= 106
|2000= 157
|2010= 128
|2020= 114
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 128 people, 57 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|752.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|394.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 57 households, of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.1% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 42.5 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.9% were from 45 to 64; and 8.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 157 people, 62 households, and 40 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|922.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|393.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.27% from two or more races.

There were 62 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town the population was spread out, with 36.9% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 12.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was foodstamps. Males had a median income of $24,167 versus -$22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,296. About 17.4% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 48.1% of those 65 or over.

