==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 317
|1920= 289
|1930= 301
|1940= 358
|1950= 373
|1960= 420
|1970= 528
|1980= 579
|1990= 660
|2000= 1088
|2010= 1231
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=1331}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,231 people, 457 households, and 331 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|634.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 477 housing units at an average density of {{convert|245.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 457 households, of which 43.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 32.4 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 34.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 8.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,088 people, 396 households, and 298 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 805.7 people per square mile (311.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 400 housing units at an average density of 296.2 per square mile (114.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.09% of the population.

There were 396 households, out of which 43.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.7% were non-families.  Households made up of individuals numbered 22.2% and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.16

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 39.8% from 25 to 44, 14.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 1000 males

The median income for a household in the village was $56,000, and the median income for a family was $58,393. Males had a median income of $34,107 versus $25,480 for females The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,009. About 4.7% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.  The largest employer in the village is [[Vortex Optics]] with approximately 210 employees.

