==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 511
|1900= 465
|1910= 425
|1920= 357
|1930= 412
|1940= 619
|1950= 877
|1960= 867
|1970= 810
|1980= 834
|1990= 858
|2000= 1133
|2010= 1075
|2020= 981
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,075 people, 423 households, and 233 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|721.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 507 housing units at an average density of {{convert|340.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 423 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.4% were married couples living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 42.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 43.6 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,133 people, 436 households, and 235 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|695.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 491 housing units at an average density of {{convert|301.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 96.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.18% of the population.

There were 436 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.9% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,229, and the median income for a family was $33,929. Males had a median income of $29,844 versus $18,875 for females. The per capita income for the village was $14,746.  About 19.3% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 34.4% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

