==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 406
|1910= 475
|1920= 538
|1930= 528
|1940= 445
|1950= 376
|1960= 338
|1970= 343
|1980= 350
|1990= 323
|2000= 312
|2010= 304
|2020= 272
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 16, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 304 people, 145 households, and 89 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|723.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races.

There were 145 households, of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the village was 50.3 years. 18.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 31.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 312 people, 157 households, and 94 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|752.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|402.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.60% of the population.

There were 157 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 36.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,089, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $23,500 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,634. About 8.2% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.

