==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 91
|1890= 159
|1900= 349
|1910= 300
|1920= 314
|1930= 278
|1940= 312
|1950= 275
|1960= 245
|1970= 297
|1980= 383
|1990= 411
|2000= 445
|2010= 519
|2020= 560
|estyear=2021
|estimate=561
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=September 1, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 1, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 519 people, 194 households, and 132 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|926.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|407.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.5% from two or more races.

There were 194 households, of which 41.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 29.4 years. 31.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 19.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 445 people, 175 households, and 119 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|764.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 191 housing units at an average density of {{convert|327.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.12% of the population.

There were 175 households, out of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,729, and the median income for a family was $40,250. Males had a median income of $28,500 versus $18,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,435. About 16.8% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

