==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 345
|1930= 465
|1940= 493
|1950= 482
|1960= 437
|1970= 430
|1980= 329
|1990= 271
|2000= 202
|2010= 198
|2020= 209
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 202 people, 99 households, and 56 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 350.6 people per square mile (134.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 118 housing units at an average density of 204.8 per square mile (78.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 69.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.99% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 99 households, out of which 16.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.4% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.8% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $21,964 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $27,693. About 9.3% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

