==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,596 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 1,161.57 people per square mile (448.52/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 589 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 4.6% from two or more races. 1.9% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=New Baltimore CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/New_Baltimore_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3954082 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=21 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 564 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.5% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 14.0% had a female householder with no spouse present. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63, and the average family size was 3.00.<ref name="2020 census"/>

20.9% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 73.0% were 18 to 64, and 6.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.9. For every 100 females, there were 111.8 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $84,903, and the median income for a family was $121,389. About 2.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 82.8% of the population were employed, and 32.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

