==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 262
|1920= 384
|1930= 384
|1940= 449
|1950= 432
|1960= 373
|1970= 345
|1980= 336
|1990= 210
|2000= 287
|2010= 182
|2020= 165
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 182 people, 98 households, and 61 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|350.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 98 households, of which 12.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were married couples living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.30.

The median age in the village was 54.2 years. 12.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.2% were from 25 to 44; 38.3% were from 45 to 64; and 30.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 287 people, 116 households, and 88 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|422.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.79% of the population.

There were 116 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.3% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $29,688, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $26,000 versus $13,906 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,906. About 4.7% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

