==Demographics==
{{update|demographics|date=April 2016}}
{{US Census population
|1870= 602
|1880= 755
|1890= 934
|1900= 1169
|1910= 1254
|1920= 1060
|1930= 1063
|1940= 1112
|1950= 1190
|1960= 1176
|1970= 1066
|1980= 1065
|1990= 929
|2000= 731
|2010= 661
|2020= 583
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">[[#census|Census of Population and Housing.gov]]</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">[[#census|U.S. Census website]]</ref> there were 731 people, 332 households and 200 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,088.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 388 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,108.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.82% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 332 households, of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.83. 24.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 29.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The [[median household income]] was $38,182 and the family median income was $50,125. Males had a median income of $32,143 and females $28,906. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,308. About 4.6% of families and 5.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under age 18 and 3.5% of those aged 65 or over.

