==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 548
|1920= 657
|1930= 742
|1940= 845
|1950= 852
|1960= 754
|1970= 746
|1980= 675
|1990= 522
|2000= 484
|2010= 495
|2020= 411
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were four hundred and eight-four people, one hundred and ninety-nine households and one hundred and twenty-nine families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,255.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were two hundred and twenty-six housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,053.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 99.17% White, 0.21% African American, and 0.62% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.21%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the one hundred and ninety-nine households 22.6% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 54.8% were married couples living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 30.7% of households were one person and 19.1% were one person aged sixty-five or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.91.

The age distribution was 20.5% under the age of eighteen, 5.8% from eighteen to twenty-four, 26.7% from twenty-five to forty-four, 25.8% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 21.3% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty-three years.

For every one hundred females, there were 94.4 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median household income was $29,583 and the median family income was $38,500. Males had a median income of $32,083 compared with $18,333 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $14,585.

Roughly 4.9% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.6% of those aged sixty-five or over.

