==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 390
|2010= 293
|2020= 346
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 72%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 28%
|}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 390 people, 99 households, and 79 families living in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|70.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 93% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1% from two or more races.  1% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 99 households, out of which 60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20% were non-families. 17% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.9 and the average family size was 4.5.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 49% under the age of 18, 8% from 18 to 24, 27% from 25 to 44, 14% from 45 to 64, and 3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 77 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $20,417, and the median income for a family was $12,778. Males had a median income of $35,375 versus $30,469 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,347.  About 42% of families and 46% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 56% of those under age 18 and 25% of those age 65 or over.

