==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 175
|1960= 109
|1970= 128
|1980= 117
|1990= 64
|2000= 58
|2010= 31
|2020= 27
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref name="2013 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=October 4, 2014|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archivedate=May 22, 2014 }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 31 people, 18 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|110.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 18 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the town was 54.8 years. 12.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.9% were from 25 to 44; 38.7% were from 45 to 64; and 35.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 58 people, 29 households, and 12 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|210.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|159.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 29 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.2% were non-families. 51.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 10.3% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 29.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $11,563, and the median income for a family was $16,250. Males had a median income of $16,750 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,268. There were 53.8% of families and 60.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and 40.0% of those over 64.

