==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 3302
|2010= 662
|2020= 621
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 3,302 people, 1,589 households, and 953 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|464.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 4,925 housing units at an average density of {{convert|693.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 2.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races.  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.1% of the population.

There were 1,589 households, out of which 16.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.0% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 34.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,675, and the median income for a family was $38,139. Males had a median income of $34,924 versus $23,614 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,675.  About 10.9% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.5% of those under age 18 and 14.8% of those age 65 or over.

