==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 392
|1930= 766
|1940= 800
|1950= 913
|1960= 1057
|1970= 970
|1980= 947
|1990= 1081
|2000= 1351
|2010= 1375
|2020= 1272
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 census, Bryn Athyn was 92.5% White, 2.7% Black or African American, 2.5% Asian, 0.1% Native Hawaiian, and 1.8% were two or more races. 1.2% of the population were of Hispanic or Latino ancestry [https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA#locality-tab].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,351 individuals, 377 households, and 292 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|706.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 381 housing units at an average density of {{convert|199.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population. 17.9% were of [[German American|German]], 15.5% [[English American|English]], 11.8% [[American ethnicity|American]], 6.7% [[Scottish American|Scottish]] and 6.6% [[Swedish American|Swedish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 377 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.5% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.21 and the average family size was 3.76.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 30.2% under the age of 18, 13.8% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $68,646, and the median income for a family was $76,214. Males had a median income of $48,958 versus $35,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $32,737. About 2.4% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.2% of those under age 18 and 4.9% of those age 65 or over.

