==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 377
|1920= 406
|1930= 545
|1940= 492
|1950= 493
|1960= 537
|1970= 571
|1980= 563
|1990= 659
|2000= 743
|2010= 795
|2020= 851
|estyear=2023
|estimate=826
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
90.2% spoke [[English language in the United States|English]], 5.3% [[German language in the United States|German]], 2.3% [[Dutch language|Dutch]] and [[Pennsylvania Dutch language|Pennsylvania German]] as their first language.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=39&place_id=3744&cty_id=|title=Data Center Results}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 census,<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> there were 795 people, 277 households, and 187 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|993.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population. 65.1% were of [[German American|German]], 14.3% [[Irish American|Irish]], 9.5% [[Swiss American|Swiss]], and 5.8% [[English American|English]] descent.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212211016/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_10_5YR_DP02&prodType=table United States Census]</ref>

There were 277 households, of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.5% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the village was 40.9 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

