==Demographics==
The portion of Wyoming in the town of Hopkinton is included in the [[census-designated place]] of [[Hope Valley, Rhode Island|Hope Valley]].

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 415 people, 182 households, and 80 families in Wyoming. The population density was {{convert|481.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20dp1 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 92.05% (382) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (92.05% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.72% (3) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 1.2% (5) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.48% (2) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.54% (23) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.17% (9) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 182 households, 19.2% had children under the age of 18; 47.3% were married couples living together; 20.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 20.3% of households consisted of individuals and 5.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.9 and the average family size was 2.9.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

11.8% of the population was under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.5 years. For every 100 females, the population had 101.5 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 102.2 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $55,714 (with a margin of error of +/- $26,762) and the median family income was $55,714 (+/- $26,762).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 0.0% of families and 0.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Wyoming%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

