==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 115
|1890= 126
|1900= 82
|1910= 482
|1920= 493
|1930= 589
|1940= 607
|1950= 690
|1960= 733
|1970= 818
|1980= 704
|1990= 606
|2000= 817
|2010= 832
|2020= 807
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 817 people, 359 households, and 194 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 694.0 people per square mile (267.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 398 housing units at an average density of 338.1 per square mile (130.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 64.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 359 households, out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 30.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 67.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 67.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,750, and the median income for a family was $34,667. Males had a median income of $27,750 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,560. About 10.9% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 21.1% of those age 65 or over.

