==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 125
|1910= 158
|1920= 206
|1930= 189
|1940= 189
|1950= 158
|1960= 167
|1970= 167
|1980= 169
|1990= 175
|2000= 149
|2010= 132
|2020= 123
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 123 people, 59 households, and 41 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 944.5 inhabitants per square mile (364.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 67 housing units at an average density of 514.5 per square mile (198.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 92.7% [[White Americans|White]], 0.8% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from other races and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 4.1% of the population.

Of the 59 households, 16.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% were cohabitating couples, 20.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 22.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 30.5% of all households were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 53.6 years. 13.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 0.8% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 and 44; 28.5% were from 45 and 64; and 31.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 132 people, 62 households, and 38 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1100.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|591.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 62 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 35.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 149 people, 73 households, and 42 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,169.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|619.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 73 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.56.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $23,438. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,306. There were 3.4% of families and 3.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.5% of those over 64.

