==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 403
|1890= 460
|1900= 454
|1910= 653
|1920= 694
|1930= 802
|1940= 730
|1950= 585
|1960= 629
|1970= 614
|1980= 592
|1990= 747
|2000= 932
|2010= 939
|2020= 831
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Magnolia racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3740640&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 171
| 20.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 271
| 32.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 14
| 1.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 373
| 44.89%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 831 people, 326 households, and 220 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 932 people, 343 households, and 233 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|900.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|370.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 38.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 17.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 25.11% of the population.

There were 343 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,269, and the median income for a family was $25,962. Males had a median income of $17,857 versus $20,568 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,628. About 22.8% of families and 25.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.3% of those under age 18 and 17.8% of those age 65 or over.

