==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 253
|1940= 489
|1950= 679
|1960= 667
|1970= 575
|1980= 704
|1990= 597
|2000= 528
|2010= 509
|2020= 404
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 528 people, 230 households, and 143 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|528.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 257 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 230 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,438, and the median income for a family was $28,929. Males had a median income of $24,432 versus $16,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,504. About 14.3% of families and 23.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.8% of those under age 18 and 28.7% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 509 people, 198 households, and 124 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|509.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.72% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.25% of the population.

There were 198 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.4% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 39.4 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

