==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1910= 207
|1920= 121
|1930= 66
|1940= 38
|1950= 9
|1960= 5
|1970= 7
|1980= 9
|1990= 4
|2000= 1
|2010= 4
|2020= 6
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-14}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4 people, 3 households, and 0 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|44.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3 housing units at an average density of {{convert|33.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. census)|White]].

There were 3 households, of which 100.0% were non-families. 66.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.33.

The median age in the town was 59.5 years. 100% of residents were between the ages of 45 and 64. The gender makeup of the town was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
For the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], only one person resided in Lost Springs, Wyoming. According to the [[United States Census Bureau]], the town is one of only four places in the United States to have a population of one person. Since 2000, the population of [[Monowi, Nebraska]], also fell to one. However, Lost Springs mayor Leda Price claims the census was inaccurate and that Lost Springs had four residents in 2000.<ref>[http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/nation/la-na-hometown-lost-springs-20110515,0,6658289.story "Hometown U.S.A.: Lost Springs, Wyo.: Town's population tally quadruples in a decade -- to 4" by David Kelly"], ''Los Angeles Times''</ref> By 2009, the population had dropped to three.<ref name="williamson">{{cite news |first=Michael |last=Williamson|author2=Theresa Vargas |title=Meet Lost Springs, WY (Won't Take But A Minute) |url=http://voices.washingtonpost.com/recession-road/2009/08/_lost_springs_wyo--michael_and.html?hpid=artslot |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20121005013126/http://voices.washingtonpost.com/recession-road/2009/08/_lost_springs_wyo--michael_and.html?hpid=artslot |url-status=dead |archive-date=October 5, 2012 |newspaper=[[The Washington Post]] |date=8 Aug 2009 |access-date=August 8, 2009}}</ref> According to the 2010 census, the population was four.<ref name="Census2010">{{cite web|title=2010 City Population and Housing Occupancy Status |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=August 27, 2012 }}{{dead link|bot=medic|date=April 2020}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}</ref>

