==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2020= 85
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}Lynn Center first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2020 U.S. census]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=2020 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2020/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1745343 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 85 people, 19 households, and 19 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|433.67|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|188.78|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.24% of the population.

There were 19 households, 100.00% of which were married couples living together. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.05.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of 0.0% under the age of 18, 0.0% from 18 to 24, 0% from 25 to 44, 59% from 45 to 64, and 41.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

