==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 208
|1930= 163
|1940= 215
|1950= 190
|1960= 159
|1970= 151
|1980= 144
|1990= 164
|2000= 142
|2010= 132
|2020= 115
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 132 people, 52 households, and 37 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1320.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 52 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.8% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 30.7 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 142 people, 58 households, and 41 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,418.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|629.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.11% from two or more races.

There were 58 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 34.5% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $50,208. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,069. There were 16.3% of families and 16.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of under eighteens and 13.6% of those over 64.

