==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 203
|1920= 235
|1930= 222
|1940= 395
|1950= 356
|1960= 310
|1970= 297
|1980= 229
|1990= 234
|2000= 242
|2010= 255
|2020= 279
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 255 people, 96 households, and 66 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2550.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1000.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 96 households, of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the town was 42.4 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 242 people, 91 households, and 63 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,217.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|852.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 91 households, out of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 2.9% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 32.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $122,409, and the median income for a family was $134,741. Males had a median income of $64,375 versus $76,784 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $56,728. None of the families and 1.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

