==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 573
| 1940 = 639
| 1950 = 656
| 1960 = 601
| 1970 = 510
| 1980 = 777
| 1990 = 858
| 2000 = 918
| 2010 = 762
| 2020 = 716
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 721
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Tyronza racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0570700&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 30, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 615
| 85.89%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 28
| 3.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 45
| 6.28%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 27
| 3.77%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 716 people, 376 households, and 268 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 918 people, 363 households and 257 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 225.8/km{{sup|2}} (586.5/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 388 housing units at an average density of 95.4/km{{sup|2}} (247.9/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.12% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.70% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.63% from two or more races. 0.65% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 363 households, of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.09.

26.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,188 and the median family income was $34,333. Males had a median income of $30,820 and females $20,625. The [[per capita income]] was $12,984. About 17.2% of families and 21.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.3% of those under age 18 and 24.0% of those age 65 or over.

