==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 116
| 1940 = 106
| 1950 = 51
| 1960 = 52
| 1970 = 45
| 1980 = 43
| 1990 = 43
| 2000 = 33
| 2010 = 28
| 2020 = 26
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 25
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2015|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 33 people, 18 households and 10 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|41.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, out of which 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.83 and the average family size was 2.30.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 9.1% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 18.2% from 25 to 44, 45.5% from 45 to 64 and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every female resident, there were 1.063 males. For every female resident age 18 and over, there were 1.143 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,729. There were no families and 17.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including none under the age of 18 and none of those over 64.

