==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 288
|1860= 892
|1870= 1888
|1880= 1876
|1890= 1977
|1900= 2349
|1910= 2523
|1920= 2460
|1930= 2514
|1940= 2760
|1950= 3250
|1960= 3467
|1970= 3789
|1980= 4049
|1990= 4093
|2000= 4479
|2010= 4991
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=March 21, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210321050514/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
|2020=5540}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], 5,540 people were living in Columbus, Wisconsin. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,216.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,444 housing units at an average density of {{convert|536.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. Ethnically, the population was 5.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race. When grouping both Hispanic and non-Hispanic people together by race, the city was 90.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.7% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.4% from two or more races.<ref name="2020-census-5516450">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Columbus city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5516450&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P1 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=28 October 2022}}</ref>

According to the [[American Community Survey]] estimates for 2016–2020, the median income for a household in the city was $65,029, and the median income for a family was $81,413. Male full-time workers had a median income of $54,328 versus $42,118 for female workers. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $33,946. About 3.3% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="2020-EconChar-5516450">{{cite web|title=Selected Economic Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Columbus city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5516450&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP03 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=28 October 2022}}</ref> Of the population age 25 and over, 94.4% were high school graduates or higher and 36.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020-SocChar-5516450">{{cite web|title=Selected Social Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Columbus city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5516450&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP02 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=28 October 2022}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18|archive-date=1996-12-27|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,991 people, 2,123 households, and 1,336 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1185.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|543.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 2,123 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 38.3 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=1996-12-27 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,479 people, 1,843 households, and 1,194 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,122.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 1,927 housing units at an average density of {{convert|483.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.98% of the population.

There were 1,843 households, out of which 32% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52% were married couples living together, 9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,667, and the median income for a family was $52,604. Males had a median income of $36,518 versus $22,891 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,435. About 3.7% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

