==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 360
|1920= 521
|1930= 707
|1940= 989
|1950= 1925
|1960= 2020
|1970= 2122
|1980= 2720
|1990= 2666
|2000= 2521
|2010= 2760
|2020= 2456
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Pageland racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4554025&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-15|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,135
|46.21%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|891
|36.28%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|8
|0.33%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|24
|0.98%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|96
|3.91%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|302
|12.3%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,456 people, 1,019 households, and 647 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,521 people, 964 households, and 641 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|575.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,071 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 54.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.99% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.77% of the population.

There were 964 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.4% were married couples living together, 20.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.5% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,046, and the median income for a family was $33,214. Males had a median income of $24,826 versus $18,452 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,190. About 21.5% of families and 24.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.2% of those under age 18 and 25.4% of those age 65 or over.

