==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 300
|1910= 328
|1920= 420
|1930= 386
|1940= 492
|1950= 541
|1960= 498
|1970= 455
|1980= 559
|1990= 521
|2000= 443
|2010= 400
|2020= 405
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 400 people, 207 households, and 116 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|851.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|487.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 207 households, of which 15.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 41.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.56.

The median age in the city was 55.4 years. 16% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 34.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 443 people, 201 households, and 136 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|895.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 239 housing units at an average density of {{convert|483.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.45% from two or more races.

There were 201 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 17.4% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 28.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,107, and the median income for a family was $45,268. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,891. About 4.4% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

