==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 281
|1910= 307
|1920= 293
|1930= 324
|1940= 328
|1950= 480
|1960= 562
|1970= 527
|1980= 573
|1990= 494
|2000= 656
|2010= 625
|2020= 552
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{{Coord|41|59|06|N|86|17|59|W|type:city_region:US-MI|display=title}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 625 people, 214 households, and 157 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|844.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 239 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.9% of the population.

There were 214 households, of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.6% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.41.

The median age in the village was 31.2 years. 30.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 656 people, 227 households, and 170 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|902.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 238 housing units at an average density of {{convert|327.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 91.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.98% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.08% of the population.

There were 227 households, out of which 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 15.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $41,477. Males had a median income of $28,295 versus $20,852 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,668.  About 8.4% of families and 10.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 3.0% of those age 65 or over.

