==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 44
|1930= 598
|1940= 494
|1950= 354
|1960= 229
|1970= 179
|1980= 169
|1990= 91
|2000= 113
|2010= 71
|2020= 48
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 71 people, 35 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|126.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.8% from two or more races.

There were 35 households, of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 14.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.57.

The median age in the city was 55.8 years. 15.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 40.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 113 people, 44 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|205.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.96% of the population.

There were 44 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.4% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 17.7% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $15,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,604. There were 8.7% of families and 22.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 45.5% of under eighteens and 7.7% of those over 64.

