==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 300
|1930= 183
|1940= 217
|1950= 135
|1960= 148
|1970= 128
|1980= 125
|1990= 103
|2000= 128
|2010= 118
|2020= 114
|estyear=2022
|estimate=110
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 118 people, 48 households, and 32 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|421.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 41.3 years. 28% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 33.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.6% male and 42.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 128 people, 47 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|463.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.34% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $26,667. Males had a median income of $18,333 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,818. There were 8.3% of families and 14.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 19.4% of under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

