==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 669
|1920= 563
|1930= 495
|1940= 478
|1950= 542
|1960= 503
|1970= 401
|1980= 355
|1990= 277
|2000= 282
|2010= 227
|2020= 230
|estyear=2022
|estimate=219
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 28, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 28, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 227 people, 108 households, and 72 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|372.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|229.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 108 households, of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 48.6 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 30% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 282 people, 130 households, and 86 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|455.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.35% from two or more races. 0.00% of the population were [[Hispanics in the United States|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

The top 6 ancestry groups in the city are [[Germany|German]] (66.0%), [[Norway|Norwegian]] (19.1%), [[England|English]] (5.7%), [[Sweden|Swedish]] (4.3%), [[Czech Republic|Czech]] (3.9%), United States (3.9%).

There were 130 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 31.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,438, and the median income for a family was $40,192. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,120. About 5.1% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.8% of those 65 or over.

