==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Herminie had a population of 718. The population density was {{convert|2,954.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Herminie was 682 (95.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 1 (0.1%) [[African Americans|African American]], 2 (0.3%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.1%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3 (0.4%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 29 (4.0%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 5 persons (0.7%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Herminie CDP, Pennsylvania; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US4234048 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 27, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 314 households, out of which 85 (27.1%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 128 (40.8%) were married-couple households, 26 (8.3%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 79 (25.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 81 (25.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 96 households (30.6%) were one person, and 38 (12.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.29.<ref name=DP1/> There were 198 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (63.1% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Herminie CDP, Pennsylvania; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US4234048 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 27, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 174 people (24.2%) under the age of 18, 54 people (7.5%) aged 18 to 24, 192 people (26.7%) aged 25 to 44, 187 people (26.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 111 people (15.5%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 39.7{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 387 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,592.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 314 (81.1%) were occupied. Of these, 225 (71.7%) were owner-occupied, and 89 (28.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

In 2000, the median household income was $24,258; and the median family income  was $29,583. Males had a median income of $31,786 versus $15,781 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $14,988. About 10.0 percent of families and 17.2 percent of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3 percent of those under age eighteen, and 22.1 percent of those age sixty-five or older.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

