==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 471
|1890= 492
|1900= 455
|1910= 448
|1920= 375
|1930= 480
|1940= 491
|1950= 588
|1960= 833
|1970= 852
|1980= 839
|1990= 766
|2000= 735
|2010= 796
|2020= 714
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 796 people, 311 households, and 221 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3061.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 343 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1319.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 311 households, of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.9% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 37.6 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 735 people, 291 households, and 212 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,795.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,175.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.

There were 291 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.1% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,722, and the median income for a family was $40,865. Males had a median income of $32,031 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,669. About 7.4% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

