==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 246
|1890= 611
|1900= 829
|1910= 828
|1920= 795
|1930= 803
|1940= 981
|1950= 1186
|1960= 1214
|1970= 1184
|1980= 1264
|1990= 1377
|2000= 1581
|2010= 1509
|2020= 1458
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=25 November 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,509 people, 619 households, and 353 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|701.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 682 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 619 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.0% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 40 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,581 people, 619 households, and 362 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|738.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 672 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.89% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.02% of the population.

There were 619 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were married couples living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.4% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,212, and the median income for a family was $31,719. Males had a median income of $28,523 versus $20,333 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,608.  About 16.4% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.5% of those under age 18 and 14.7% of those age 65 or over.

