==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 328
|1860= 364
|1870= 590
|1880= 838
|1890= 719
|1900= 747
|1910= 841
|1920= 890
|1930= 1074
|1940= 1297
|1950= 1137
|1960= 921
|1970= 848
|1980= 808
|1990= 634
|2000= 565
|2010= 518
|2020= 403
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 565 people, 247 households, and 153 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|2,764.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 279 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,365.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 99.29% White, 0.18% African American, 0.35% Asian, and 0.18% from two or more races.

There were 247 households, out of which 28.3% had children who were under the age of eighteen living with them; 38.1% were married couples living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. Out of all of the households that were documented, 34.0% of were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.92.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 22.5% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 7.6% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 31.2% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 21.9% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 16.8% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-seven years.

For every one hundred females, there were 86.5 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 84.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,339, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $36,667 compared with that of $19,712 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,687.

Approximately 9.4% of families and 15.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 22.1% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 13.1% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

