==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 2000 = 1451
| 2010 = 1485
| 2020 = 1492
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,451 people, 415 households, and 351 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|46.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 433 housing units at an average density of {{convert|14.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.07% of the population.

There were 415 households, out of which 49.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.4% were non-families. 13.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.50 and the average family size was 3.89.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 37.6% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,369, and the median income for a family was $47,895. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $19,028 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,389. About 7.4% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

