==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 409
|1890= 812
|1900= 656
|1910= 942
|1920= 954
|1930= 985
|1940= 815
|1950= 956
|1960= 608
|1970= 592
|1980= 527
|1990= 490
|2000= 425
|2010= 386
|2020= 341
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 386 people, 190 households, and 108 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|643.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 258 housing units at an average density of {{convert|430.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 190 households, of which 17.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.2% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 50 years. 15.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 425 people, 203 households, and 119 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|701.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|396.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 203 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 20.5% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 27.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $25,179, and the median income for a family was $28,056. Males had a median income of $25,208 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,015. About 16.9% of families and 16.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.8% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

