==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 507
|1880= 833
|1890= 669
|1900= 711
|1910= 680
|1920= 910
|1930= 1125
|1940= 1063
|1950= 1276
|1960= 1240
|1970= 1284
|1980= 1386
|1990= 1158
|2000= 1198
|2010= 1188
|2020= 1095
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,198 people, 478 households, and 321 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,523.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 526 housing units at an average density of {{convert|668.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.85% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 478 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,158, and the median income for a family was $41,548. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $23,036 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,926. About 6.2% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

