==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1900= 1051
|1910= 1300
|1920= 1561
|1930= 1859
|1940= 2106
|1950= 2304
|1960= 2483
|1970= 2198
|1980= 2241
|1990= 2126
|2000= 1930
|2010= 2234
|2020= 1853
|estyear=2025
|estimate=1814
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 1,930 people, 903 households, and 492 families living in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|4,225.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 983 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,152.1|/mi2|/km2}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 94.04% White, 4.25% African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.10% Pacific Islander, 0.05% from other races, and 0.98% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.21%.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 903 households, 23.4% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 42.9% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-family households. 38.2% of the households documented were one-person households and 12.2% were one-person households with residents who were aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.82.

The age distribution was 20.3% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 10.1% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 28.9% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 25.7% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 15.0% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty years.

For every one hundred females, there were 90.7 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 84.4 males.

The median household income was $41,319 and the median family income was $65,625. Males had a median income of $47,266 compared with that of $27,414 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $32,852.

Approximately 5.4% of families and 9.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.4% of those who were under the age of eighteen; however, no residents over the age of sixty-five were living in poverty.

