==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 149
|1900= 134
|1910= 87
|1920= 105
|1930= 105
|1940= 73
|1950= 239
|1960= 225
|1970= 255
|1980= 162
|1990= 147
|2000= 164
|2010= 168
|2020= 199
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 164 people, 71 households, and 47 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 20.1 people per square mile (7.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 106 housing units at an average density of 13.0 per square mile (5.0/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 71 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 31.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,833, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $26,663. About 4.2% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 34.4% of those 65 or over.

