==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 357
|1870= 377
|1880= 307
|1890= 292
|1900= 260
|1910= 289
|1920= 295
|1930= 333
|1940= 334
|1950= 419
|1960= 609
|1970= 707
|1980= 858
|1990= 1019
|2000= 816
|2010= 794
|2020= 786
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
From the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 794 people, 387 households, and 196 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1846.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 429 housing units at an average density of {{convert|997.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 387 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.4% were non-families. 45.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 44.3 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.9% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.3% male and 54.7% female.

===2000 census===
From the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 816 people, 361 households, and 188 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,061.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 381 housing units at an average density of {{convert|962.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 361 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.9% were non-families. 44.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 83.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and above, there were 73.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,097, and the median income for a family was $41,625. Males had a median income of $33,625 compared to $26,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,725. About 11.4% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.9% of those under age 18 and 24.8% of those age 65 or above.

