==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 424
|1890= 552
|1910= 546
|1920= 534
|1930= 939
|1940= 1146
|1950= 1462
|1960= 1750
|1970= 2038
|1980= 1817
|1990= 1589
|2000= 2420
|2010= 2672
|2020= 2702
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 2,702 people living in the village, for a population density of 1,307.21 people per square mile (504.62/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,207 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 88.1% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 5.2% from two or more races. 3.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Newtown village, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Newtown_village,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3955678 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 21, 2023}}</ref>

There were 1,107 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 25.6% had a female householder with no spouse present. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42, and the average family size was 2.86.<ref name="2020 census"/>

25.8% of the village's population were under the age of 18, 51.9% were 18 to 64, and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.9. For every 100 females, there were 90.4 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the village was $84,148, and the median income for a family was $87,143. About 5.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 7.3% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over. About 64.0% of the population were employed, and 55.8% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,672 people, 1,123 households, and 724 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1231.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,227 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 1,123 households, of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 39 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,420 people, 924 households, and 669 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,042.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 977 housing units at an average density of {{convert|420.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.37% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.16% of the population.

There were 924 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,980, and the median income for a family was $56,902. Males had a median income of $41,976 versus $28,810 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $32,590. About 4.9% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

