==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|84
|1890|245
|1900|328
|1910|358
|1920|414
|1930|388
|1940|394
|1950|404
|1960|370
|1970|329
|1980|291
|1990|255
|2000|265
|2010|236
|2020|221
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 221 people, 93 households, and 60 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 393.3 inhabitants per square mile (151.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 108 housing units at an average density of 192.2 per square mile (74.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.5% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.4% of the population.

Of the 93 households, 25.8% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% were cohabitating couples, 20.4% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.5% of all households were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 35.1 years. 26.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.6% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 31.2% were from 25 and 44; 25.3% were from 45 and 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 236 people in 108 households, including 59 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|421.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 96.2% White, 1.7% African American, and 2.1% Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.0%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref>

Of the 108 households 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.4% were non-families. 42.6% of households were one person and 16.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age was 34.8 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 265 people in 118 households, including 71 families, in the city. The population density was 468.3 persons per square mile (179.5/km{{sup|2}}). There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|222.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.49% White, 0.38% Asian, 1.13% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.51%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>

Of the 118 households 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 37.3% of households were one person and 24.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the age distribution of the population shows 26.4% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 24.9% 65 or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median household income was $32,500 and the median family income  was $46,250. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $24,821 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,256. About 4.5% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.6% of those sixty five or over.

