==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 262
|1930= 308
|1940= 261
|1950= 405
|1960= 388
|1970= 344
|1980= 297
|1990= 268
|2000= 211
|2010= 160
|2020= 170
|estyear=2022
|estimate=167
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=March 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 160 people, 80 households, and 47 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|285.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.6% from two or more races.

There were 80 households, of which 16.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 41.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 52 years. 16.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 211 people, 99 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|385.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 99 households, out of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 19.9% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 34.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,250, and the median income for a family was $29,688. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $13,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,857. About 17.9% of families and 21.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.1% of those 65 or over.

