==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1195
|2010= 1294
|2020= 1399
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Awendaw racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4503385&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|720
|51.47%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|634
|45.32%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.21%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|31
|2.22%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|11
|0.79%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,399 people, 514 households, and 328 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,195 people, 400 households, and 312 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|144.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 443 housing units at an average density of {{convert|53.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 34.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 400 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were married couples living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.0% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,250, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $31,696 versus $21,422 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,781. About 13.5% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.6% of those under age 18 and 18.1% of those age 65 or over.

