==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 227
|2000= 243
|2010= 282
|2020= 263
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2010 Census Pine Ridge had a population of 282.  There were 104 households.  The racial composition of the population was 76.2% non-Hispanic white, 1.8% black or African American, 0.4% Pacific Islander, 1.4% from two or more races and 20.9% Hispanic or Latino.<ref>2010 general profile of population and housing characteristics for Pine Ridge, Alabama from the US Census</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 243 people, 100 households, and 70 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|192.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.30% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 3.70% from two or more races. 0.41% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 100 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,250, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $22,404 versus $13,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,237. About 15.3% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

