==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 173
|1930= 169
|1940= 174
|1950= 150
|1960= 119
|1970= 96
|1980= 68
|1990= 69
|2000= 61
|2010= 46
|2020= 49
|estyear=2021
|estimate=49
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 21, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 46 people, 21 households, and 13 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|46.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 40.5 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.7% male and 41.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 61 people, 26 households, and 15 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|62.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 42.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 19.7% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 165.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 161.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $47,500 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,380. There were 4.5% of families and 2.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

