==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 503
|1890= 1120
|1900= 1523
|1910= 1189
|1920= 1520
|1930= 1177
|1940= 1388
|1950= 1247
|1960= 1241
|1970= 1229
|1980= 1254
|1990= 1185
|2000= 1272
|2010= 1239
|2020= 1182
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.indiana.edu/|title=Indiana's Census 2020 Redistricting Data Dashboard|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=August 13, 2021|archive-date=July 25, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210725001936/http://www.census.indiana.edu/|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,239 people, 515 households, and 341 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1086.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 600 housing units at an average density of {{convert|526.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 515 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.8% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 40.1 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,272 people, 507 households, and 354 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,395.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 558 housing units at an average density of {{convert|612.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 507 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,550, and the median income for a family was $41,917. Males had a median income of $33,229 versus $21,821 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,145. About 2.0% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.3% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

