==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 103 people, 37 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|39.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|18.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.3% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 8.7% from two or more races. 1.9% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 37 households, out of which 64.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 38.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 145.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 148.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,036, and the median income for a family was $18,250. Males had a median income of $10,194 versus $5,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,999. There were 35.8% of families and 25.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 43.0% of those under 18 and 63.7% of those over 65.

Zinc, along with [[Bergman, Arkansas|Bergman]], is within the [[Bergman School District]].<ref>{{Cite map|publisher = US Census Bureau|title = School District Reference Map (2010 Census): Boone County, AR|url = http://www2.census.gov/geo/maps/dc10map/sch_dist/st05_ar/c05009_boone/DC10SD_C05009_001.pdf|access-date =June 28, 2011 }}</ref>

