==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 10
|1890= 822
|1900= 909
|1910= 1373
|1920= 1446
|1930= 1388
|1940= 1272
|1950= 1401
|1970= 1461
|1960= 1388

|1980= 1341
|1990= 1223
|2000= 1270
|2010= 1154
|2020= 1147
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> there were 1,154 people, 538 households and 299 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|953.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 599 housing units at an average density of {{convert|495.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 538 households, of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 41.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age was 47.7 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 30.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 44.9% male and 55.1% female.


===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,270 people, 559 households and 342 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,079.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 614 housing units at an average density of {{convert|522.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 559 households, of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.87.

23.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 29.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $27,763 and the median family income was $38,667. Males had a median income of $25,156 compared with $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,293. About 7.4% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

