==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1890|489
|1900|593
|1910|642
|1920|648
|1930|596
|1940|602
|1950|684
|1960|819
|1970|950
|1980|1120
|1990|1025
|2000|949
|2010|1012
|2020|949
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 949 people, 403 households, and 265 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,102.1 inhabitants per square mile (425.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 436 housing units at an average density of 506.3 per square mile (195.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.6% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from other races and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.9% of the population.

Of the 403 households, 28.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% were cohabitating couples, 23.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 17.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 34.2% of all households were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 42.9 years. 24.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 and 44; 26.4% were from 45 and 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,012 people, 418 households, and 280 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1054.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 464 housing units at an average density of {{convert|483.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 418 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.0% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 39.2 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 949 people, 417 households, and 250 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|962.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 433 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.11% of the population.

There were 417 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.97.

Age spread:  23.1% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,909, and the median income for a family was $47,375. Males had a median income of $32,150 versus $22,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,639. About 4.0% of families and 6.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.

