==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 385
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 Data===
At the 2020 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=May 10, 2023 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 385 people, 170 households and 133 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|219.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 170 housing units at an average density of 193.37/sq mi(74.64/km<sup>2).</sup> The racial makeup of the CDP was 79.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], .26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 11.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], .52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.86% of the population.

There were 170 households, of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.64.

8.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 15.3% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. 
The [[median household income]] was $34,219 and the median family income was $48,066. Males had a median income of $22,500 and females $19,375. About 11.6% of families and 19.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under age 18 and 24.5% of those age 65 or over.

