==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=320
|2020=396
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Forbestown first appeared as a [[census-designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Forbestown had a population of 396. The population density was {{convert|63.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Forbestown was 310 (78.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 4 (1.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 14 (3.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (0.5%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.3%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 12 (3.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 53 (13.4%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 45 persons (11.4%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Forbestown CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0624750 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 163 households, out of which 35 (21.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 72 (44.2%) were married-couple households, 10 (6.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 35 (21.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 46 (28.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 55 households (33.7%) were one person, and 37 (22.7%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.43.<ref name=DP1/> There were 99 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (60.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Forbestown CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0624750 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 96 people (24.2%) under the age of 18, 23 people (5.8%) aged 18 to 24, 72 people (18.2%) aged 25 to 44, 120 people (30.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 85 people (21.5%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 48.2{{nbsp}}years.    For every 100 females, there were 131.6 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 188 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 163 (86.7%) were occupied. Of these, 145 (89.0%) were owner-occupied, and 18 (11.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

