==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 162
|2020= 179
|estyear=
|estimate= 
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Verdi first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Verdi had a population of 179. The population density was {{convert|42.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Verdi was 165 (92.2%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4 (2.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10 (5.6%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 8 persons (4.5%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Verdi CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0682334 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 17, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 77 households, out of which 11 (14.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 42 (54.5%) were married-couple households, 2 (2.6%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 18 (23.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 15 (19.5%) had a male householder with no partner present. 25 households (32.5%) were one person, and 16 (20.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.32.<ref name=DP1/> There were 49 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (63.6% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Verdi CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0682334 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 17, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 28 people (15.6%) under the age of 18, 2 people (1.1%) aged 18 to 24, 34 people (19.0%) aged 25 to 44, 62 people (34.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 53 people (29.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 53.3{{nbsp}}years. There were 94 males and 85 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|21.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 77 (85.6%) were occupied. Of these, 71 (92.2%) were owner-occupied, and 6 (7.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

