==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 263
|1950= 196
|1960= 165
|1970= 133
|1980= 139
|1990= 79
|2000= 73
|2010= 65
|2020= 66
|estyear=2022
|estimate=64
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 16, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 65 people, 30 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|295.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.5% male and 41.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 73 people, 38 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|327.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|219.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 38 households, out of which 15.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.7% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.57.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.8% under the age of 18, 1.4% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 32.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,813, and the median income for a family was $24,688. Males had a median income of $14,375 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,645. There were 8.7% of families and 7.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

