==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 525
|1890= 492
|1900= 480
|1910= 457
|1920= 490
|1930= 560
|1940= 539
|1950= 617
|1960= 689
|1970= 626
|1980= 645
|1990= 566
|2000= 521
|2010= 532
|2020= 495
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 19, 2015|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2020, there were 495 people, 230 households, and 180 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|550|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 230 households, out of which 45.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.5% had a female householder with no spouse present, 7.8% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 21.7% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 40.8% under the age of 20, 4.2% from 20 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $62,857, and the median income for a family was $68,125. Males had a median income of $60,759 versus $29,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $72,240. About 12.8% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.2% of those under age 18.

===Housing===
There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}; a total of 15.7% of housing units were vacant.

There were 183 occupied housing units in the village, of which 158 were owner-occupied units (86.3%), while 72 were renter-occupied (39.3%). The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.0% of total units. The rental unit vacancy rate was 7.7%.<ref name="GR2" />

