==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 677
|1890= 1839
|1900= 1554
|1910= 1686
|1920= 1856
|1930= 1519
|1940= 1610
|1950= 1744
|1960= 1525
|1970= 1531
|1980= 1300
|1990= 1204
|2000= 1131
|2010= 1020
|2020= 962
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,020 people, 480 households, and 267 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1000|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 594 housing units at an average density of {{convert|582.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 480 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were married couples living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 31.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,131 people, 520 households, and 302 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,108|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 618 housing units at an average density of {{convert|605.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 520 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.9% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 47 years.  22.3% of the population was under the age of 18; 3.8% were between 18 and 24 years old; 21.0% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 30.4% were 65 years old or older.  For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,389, and the median income for a family was $34,038. Males had a median income of $26,364 versus $17,232 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,772. About 8.4% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.9% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

