==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1316
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Nellieburg racial composition as of 2020'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2850720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=2022-06-01 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=18 May 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|891
|67.71%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|345
|26.22%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|3
|0.23%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|8
|0.61%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|3
|0.23%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|48
|3.65%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|18
|1.37%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,316'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,316 people, 425 households, and 347 families residing in the CDP.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,354 people, 561 households, and 407 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|103.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 580 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.96% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 561 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,553, and the median income for a family was $48,816. Males had a median income of $35,479 versus $30,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,266. About 11.4% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

