==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 1045
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-3130170">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Macy CDP, Nebraska |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3130170&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=19 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,045. The [[population density]] was {{convert|655.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|143.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the cdp was 98.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 0.9% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 956 people, 210 households, and 182 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|594.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 96.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.78% of the population.

There were 210 households, out of which 54.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 49.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.9% were non-families. 11.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.45 and the average family size was 4.79.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 49.4% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 11.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 18 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,500, and the median income for a family was $19,417. Males had a median income of $19,688 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,640. About 46.2% of families and 49.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.1% of those under age 18 and 50.0% of those age 65 or over.

