==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 60
|1960= 34
|1990= 32
|2000= 32
|2010= 13
|2020= 30
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Lake Minchumina first appeared as an unincorporated village on the 1950 U.S. Census. It appeared again in 1960, but did not report in 1970 or 1980. It returned again in 1990 as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 32 people, 16 households, and 9 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.38% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 3.12% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 12.50% from two or more races. 6.25% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 16 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 18.8% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 40.6% from 25 to 44, 31.3% from 45 to 64, and 3.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,781. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

