==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 492
|1910= 529
|1920= 554
|1930= 603
|1940= 659
|1950= 746
|1960= 807
|1970= 1084
|1980= 1446
|1990= 1542
|2000= 2233
|2010= 2430
|2020= 2678
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 2,430 people, 1,002 households, and 639 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1203.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,096 housing units at an average density of {{convert|542.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.7% [[African Americans|African American]], 0.5% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1.7% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 1,002 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 36.7 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.5% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 2,233 people, 846 households, and 583 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,148.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 899 housing units at an average density of {{convert|462.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.16% White, 0.36% Black or African American, 0.31% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.76% from other races, and 0.27% from two or more races. 2.55% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 846 households, out of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 16.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $46,522, and the median income for a family was $52,600. Males had a median income of $36,440 versus $24,286 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,256. About 3.1% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

