==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 248
|1890= 728
|1900= 825
|1910= 687
|1920= 652
|1930= 654
|1940= 736
|1950= 888
|1960= 896
|1970= 872
|1980= 958
|1990= 1010
|2000= 1055
|2010= 950
|2020= 922
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
In 2010 Mayville was awarded an energy improvement grant by the [[U.S. Department of Energy]]. A total of 43 grants were distributed under the [[American Recovery and Reinvestment Act]] to improve the nation's energy security.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 950 people, 369 households, and 235 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|840.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 432 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 369 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.3% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 41.1 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,055 people, 402 households, and 281 families living in the village.  The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,028.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 424 housing units at an average density of {{convert|413.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 97.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 402 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 12.4% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,375, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $34,286 versus $21,111 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,281.  About 10.1% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.6% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

