==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 226
|2020= 229
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Trowbridge had a population of 229. The population density was {{convert|33.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Trowbridge was 175 (76.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 3 (1.3%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (1.3%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 13 (5.7%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 35 (15.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 34 persons (14.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Trowbridge CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0680560 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 80 households, out of which 18 (22.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 42 (52.5%) were married-couple households, 7 (8.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 27 (33.8%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 4 (5.0%) had a male householder with no partner present. 22 households (27.5%) were one person, and 13 (16.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.86.<ref name=DP1/> There were 54 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (67.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Trowbridge CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0680560 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 46 people (20.1%) under the age of 18, 13 people (5.7%) aged 18 to 24, 68 people (29.7%) aged 25 to 44, 54 people (23.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 48 people (21.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 39.2{{nbsp}}years. There were 131 males and 98 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|12.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 80 (95.2%) were occupied. Of these, 44 (55.0%) were owner-occupied, and 36 (45.0%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

