==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 244
| 1920 = 349
| 1930 = 412
| 1940 = 427
| 1950 = 314
| 1960 = 241
| 1970 = 427
| 1980 = 556
| 1990 = 428
| 2000 = 461
| 2010 = 452
| 2020 = 433
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 447
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 461 people, 178 households, and 140 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|115.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|52.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 96.53% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.08% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.39% from two or more races.  1.08% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 178 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 31.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $29,125. Males had a median income of $22,266 versus $16,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,836.  About 15.1% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.9% of those under age 18 and 29.2% of those age 65 or over.

