==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 262
|1940= 261
|1950= 257
|1960= 253
|1970= 145
|1980= 90
|1990= 49
|2000= 20
|2010= 15
|2020= 8
|estyear=2024
|estimate=9
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 15 people, 7 households, and 2 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|78.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 7 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 14.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 71.4% were non-families. 71.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 42.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 5.00.

The median age in the city was 29.5 years. 33.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 6.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,562. There were no families and 19.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 41.7% of those over 64.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 20 people, 13 households, and 5 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|103.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. 100% of residents were White.

There were 13 households, out of which one had children under the age of 18 living with them, five were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and eight were non-families. Eight households were made up of individuals, and five had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.54 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the city, the population was spread out, with one person (a girl) under the age of 18, four from 25 to 44, six from 45 to 64, and nine who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64 years. There were nine females and eleven males.

