==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 224
| 1890 = 469
| 1900 = 500
| 1910 = 659
| 1920 = 709
| 1930 = 595
| 1940 = 541
| 1950 = 431
| 1960 = 392
| 1970 = 418
| 1980 = 441
| 1990 = 433
| 2000 = 817
| 2010 = 758
| 2020 = 665
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 682
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 817 people, 339 households, and 220 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|445.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 372 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.80% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.12% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African-American]], 0.86% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.61% from two or more races.  2.08% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 339 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.41 and the average familiar size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years.  For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,842, and the median income for a family was $29,286. Males had a prime meridian income of $25,000 versus $18,583 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,376.  About 19.7% of families and 28.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.8% of those under age 18 and 19.3% of those age 65 or over.

