==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1060
|1880= 1381
|1900= 1794
|1910= 2096
|1920= 1977
|1930= 2523
|1940= 3093
|1950= 3859
|1960= 5972
|1970= 7494
|1980= 7651
|1990= 7572
|2000= 7606
|2010= 7401
|2020= 7347
|estyear=2021
|estimate=7344
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], the village had 7,347 people, 2,906 households, and 1,926 families.<ref>{{Cite web |date=April 1, 2020 |title=U.S. 2020 QuickFacts Northport village, New York |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/northportvillagenewyork/PST045221 |access-date=August 22, 2022 |website=Census.gov}}</ref>

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 7,401 people, 2,955 households, and 2,074 families residing in the village.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|3,290.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,052 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,320.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.09% of the population.

There were 2,955 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $90,250, and the median income for a family was $104,488. Males had a median income of $78,715 versus $50,119 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $43,694. About 1.6% of families and 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.

