==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 596
|1890= 538
|1900= 568
|1910= 668
|1920= 550
|1930= 528
|1940= 561
|1950= 659
|1960= 1049
|1970= 956
|1980= 984
|1990= 1010
|2000= 987
|2010= 888
|2020= 814
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 888 people, 366 households, and 249 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2114.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 445 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1059.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 366 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the town was 37.4 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 987 people, 397 households, and 277 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,262.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 423 housing units at an average density of {{convert|969.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.11% of the population.

There were 397 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,154, and the median income for a family was $44,861. Males had a median income of $34,722 versus $22,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,000. About 3.3% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

