==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 286
|1890= 528
|1900= 971
|1910= 1995
|1920= 2848
|1930= 2839
|1940= 2933
|1950= 3169
|1960= 3806
|1970= 4036
|1980= 4023
|1990= 4082
|2000= 5517
|2010= 5362
|2020= 5270
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{|class="wikitable"
|+Batesburg-Leesville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4504300&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=December 14, 2021 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|2,575
|48.86%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|2,191
|41.57%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|10
|0.19%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|31
|0.59%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|4
|0.08%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|148
|2.81%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|311
|5.9%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 5,270 people, 2,046 households, and 1,458 families residing in the town.

As of 2023, of the 5,270 people, about 4,830 live in Lexington County and 440 live in Saluda County.<ref name=LexingtonCoHwymap>{{cite web|url=https://info2.scdot.org/GISMapping/GISMapdl/Lexington_County.pdf|title=General Highway System Lexington County, South Carolina|publisher=[[South Carolina Department of Transportation]]|date=February 2023|access-date=2024-10-25}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the U.S. [[Census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 5,517 people, 2,167 households, and 1,482 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|751.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,446 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.

The racial makeup of the town was 52.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 45.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any [[race (human categorization)|race]] were 1.61% of the local population.

There were 2,167 households, of which 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50, and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,865, and the median income for a family was $40,040. Males had a median income of $32,447 versus $22,196 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,078. About 16.1% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.9% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

