==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 494
|1890= 528
|1900= 543
|1910= 471
|1920= 329
|1930= 367
|1940= 338
|1950= 365
|1960= 422
|1970= 480
|1980= 703
|1990= 811
|2000= 693
|2010= 755
|2020= 748
|estyear=2021
|estimate=740
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 755 people, 299 households, and 214 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1110.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 312 housing units at an average density of {{convert|458.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 299 households, of which 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.4% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 39.7 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 693 people, 274 households, and 198 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,319.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|561.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 274 households, out of which 37.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $32,833, and the median income for a family was $39,250. Males had a median income of $26,300 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,009. About 6.2% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

