==Demographics==
{{update|section|date=May 2026|reason=Newer information is available from the 2020 census reports}}
{{US Census population
|1880= 1724
|1880n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|1890= 2026
|1890n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|1970= 5515
|1970n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|1980= 6731
|1980n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|1990= 7455
|1990n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|2000= 7837
|2000n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|2010= 7750
|2010n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|2020= 7962
|2020n={{fact|date=May 2026}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{fv|date=May 2026|reason=No mention of Port Jeff at the given link}}
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 7,750 people, 3,090 households, and 1,975 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was approximately 2,500 people per square mile (980/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 88.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.5% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 3,090 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male household with no wife present, and 36.1% were non-families. Of all households, 28.3% were made up of individuals living alone, and 9.0% consisted of people living alone who were 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.96.<ref name=Census2010>[https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3659355 DP-1 – Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 from the 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Port Jefferson village, New York] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200213095825/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3659355 |date=February 13, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed April 5, 2019.</ref>

The age breakdown consisted of 20.7% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.1 males.

In the 2008–2012 [[American Community Survey]], the median income for a household in the village was $108,060 and the median income for a family was $138,984. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $51,937. Of the population, 6.5% were below the [[poverty threshold]].

