==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 318
|1880= 602
|1890= 1248
|1900= 927
|1910= 1430
|1920= 1706
|1930= 1778
|1940= 1705
|1950= 1767
|1960= 1999
|1970= 2082
|1980= 1935
|1990= 1786
|2000= 1956
|2010= 1748
|2020= 1691
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1869
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,748 people, 861 households, and 446 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1964.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 929 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1043.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.1% of the population.

There were 861 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.2% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the village was 45.6 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,956 people, 831 households, and 480 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,956|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 887 housing units at an average density of {{convert|906.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.10% of the population.

There were 831 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.2% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,020, and the median income for a family was $36,094. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $19,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,942. About 9.7% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

