==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 1003
| 1930 = 810
| 1940 = 1014
| 1950 = 1110
| 1960 = 1584
| 1970 = 1515
| 1980 = 2736
| 1990 = 2153
| 2000 = 2231
| 2010 = 2576
| 2020 = 2420
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 2421
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020|archive-date=April 20, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210420062715/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|url-status=live}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = <ref>{{cite web|title = Historical Decennial Census Population for Wyoming Counties, Cities, and Towns|publisher = Wyoming Department of State / U.S. Census Bureau|url = http://eadiv.state.wy.us/demog_data/cntycity_hist.htm|access-date = July 31, 2009|archive-date = October 20, 2018|archive-url = https://web.archive.org/web/20181020014459/http://eadiv.state.wy.us/demog_data/cntycity_hist.htm|url-status = live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,576 people, 1,102 households, and 713 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1129.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,201 housing units at an average density of {{convert|526.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.9% of the population.

There were 1,102 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the town was 41.3 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,231 people, 925 households, and 641 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,155.3 people per square mile (446.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,131 housing units at an average density of 585.7 per square mile (226.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.81% of the population.

There were 925 households, out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,300, and the median income for a family was $40,927. Males had a median income of $32,778 versus $18,795 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,088. About 11.4% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

