==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 117
|1950= 124
|1960= 111
|1970= 119
|1980= 93
|1990= 76
|2000= 105
|2010= 125
|2020= 123
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 125 people, 44 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|38.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|14.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 44 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.6% were from 25 to 44; 33.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 60.8% male and 39.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 105 people, 40 households, and 26 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|32.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 40 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 11.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 41.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 144.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 173.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $22,125 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,060. There were 25.0% of families and 26.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 36.4% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

