==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 288
|1890= 327
|1900= 209
|1910= 351
|1920= 429
|1930= 428
|1940= 516
|1950= 551
|1960= 488
|1970= 493
|1980= 540
|1990= 553
|2000= 586
|2010= 527
|2020= 462
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Oakland racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2853200&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|119
|25.76%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|325
|70.35%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.22%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|10
|2.16%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|7
|1.52%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 462 people, 237 households, and 139 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 586 people, 222 households, and 132 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|409.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 238 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 23.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 75.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 222 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.57.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,431, and the median income for a family was $19,286. Males had a median income of $27,222 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,898. About 49.2% of families and 53.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 66.5% of those under age 18 and 58.1% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

