==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 200
|1930= 279
|1940= 206
|1950= 245
|1960= 235
|1970= 357
|1980= 339
|1990= 216
|2000= 328
|2010= 258
|2020= 324
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 381
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/cities/totals/SUB-IP-EST2023-POP-37.xlsx |date=May 16, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 16, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |df= }}</ref> of 2000, there were 328 people, 84 households, and 58 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|262.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|81.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.35% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 14.0% from 45 to 64, and 26.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,125, and the median income for a family was $38,500. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $23,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,387. About 3.3% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

