==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 165
|1900= 309
|1910= 386
|1920= 482
|1930= 461
|1940= 423
|1950= 414
|1960= 495
|1970= 562
|1980= 540
|1990= 512
|2000= 506
|2010= 485
|2020= 488
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 Census]],<ref name="af"/> there were 506 people, 201 households and 147 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1308.9|PD/sqmi}}. There were 205 housing units at an average density of {{convert|530.3|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.41% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.20% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]] and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 201 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present and 26.4% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone, who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 34.2% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64 and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.<ref name="af" />

The median income for a household in the village was $47,344 and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $32,411 versus $22,212 for the females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,856. About 6.5% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="af"/>
{{clear left}}

