==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 309
|1970= 361
|1980= 999
|1990= 856
|2000= 917
|2010= 934
|2020= 1357
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1393
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 934 people, 334 households, and 264 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|953.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 335 housing units at an average density of {{convert|341.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 334 households, of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.0% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 32.5 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 7.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 917 people, 307 households, and 260 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|943.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 313 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.55% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 307 households, out of which 53.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 12.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.5% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 34.5% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 5.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,403, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,679. About 5.5% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

