==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 462
|1970= 448
|1980= 557
|1990= 502
|2000= 458
|2010= 497
|2020= 520
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The most reported ancestries were [[Dutch people|Dutch]] (43.7%), [[Germans|German]] (30.2%), and [[Norwegians|Norwegian]] (9.6%).<ref>{{cite web |title=TOTAL POPULATION |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=-06:-1000E:-3000F:-4000G:-5000K:-7000E:-8000B&g=160XX00US2752558&d=DEC+Detailed+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics+File+A |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 497 people, 207 households, and 142 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|497.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 216 housing units at an average density of {{convert|216.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 207 households, of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.4% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 42.1 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.8% were from 45 to 64; and 24.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 458 people, 188 households, and 141 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|434.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.44% of the population.

There were 188 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $41,136. Males had a median income of $36,563 versus $17,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,545.  About 1.4% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

