==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=244
|2020=234
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Richvale first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Richvale had a population of 234. The population density was {{convert|252.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Richvale was 198 (84.6%) [[White Americans|White]], 4 (1.7%) [[African Americans|African American]], 1 (0.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 11 (4.7%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 19 (8.1%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 33 persons (14.1%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Richvale CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0660662 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 83 households, out of which 26 (31.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 40 (48.2%) were married-couple households, 7 (8.4%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 15 (18.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 21 (25.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 21 households (25.3%) were one person, and 10 (12.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.82.<ref name=DP1/> There were 56 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (67.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Richvale CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0660662 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 58 people (24.8%) under the age of 18, 19 people (8.1%) aged 18 to 24, 44 people (18.8%) aged 25 to 44, 55 people (23.5%) aged 45 to 64, and 58 people (24.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 39.0{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 125.0 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 83 (88.3%) were occupied. Of these, 70 (84.3%) were owner-occupied, and 13 (15.7%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

