==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 390
|1920= 372
|1930= 664
|1940= 711
|1950= 878
|1960= 826
|1970= 706
|1980= 584
|1990= 550
|2000= 569
|2010= 507
|2020= 541
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 569 people, 272 households, and 130 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|6,229.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,142.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 52.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 36.7% of the population.

There were 572 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.2% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 34.1% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,364, and the median income for a family was $42,250. Males had a median income of $32,917 versus $27,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,425. About 12.2% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.8% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.-->{{clear|left}}

