==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 304
|1920= 437
|1930= 481
|1940= 527
|1950= 395
|1960= 417
|1970= 341
|1980= 355
|1990= 379
|2000= 339
|2010= 241
|2020= 224
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=September 21, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 241 people, 136 households, and 62 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|753.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|634.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 136 households, of which 14.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.4% were non-families. 51.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the town was 52.9 years. 14.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 32.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 339 people, 164 households, and 83 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,061.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|638.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 164 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.8% were non-families. 47.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,545, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $23,194 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,109. About 7.5% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 25.5% of those age 65 or over.

