==Demographics==
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 864 people, 207 households, and 174 families in the CDP. The population density was 30.1 people per square mile (11.6/km{{sup|2}}). There were 275 housing units at an average density of 9.6/sq&nbsp;mi (3.7/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 94.10% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Native American]], 5.44% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.12% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Pacific Islander]], 0.23% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 0.12% from two or more races. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

Of the 207 households, 55.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were married couples living together, 20.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.5% were non-families. 13.0% of households were one person and 1.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 4.17 and the average family size was 4.61.

The age distribution was 43.4% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 13.8% from 45 to 64, and 3.7% 65 or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median household income was $32,188 and the median family income  was $32,768. Males had a median income of $28,646 versus $25,278 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $7,904. About 25.7% of the families and 23.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.2% under the age of 18 and none 65 or older.

