==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 582
|1900= 776
|1910= 1167
|1920= 2670
|1930= 2414
|1940= 2493
|1950= 3014
|1960= 3006
|1970= 2706
|1980= 2555
|1990= 2446
|2000= 2442
|2010= 2410
|2020= 2459
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|access-date=October 16, 2021|archive-date=February 25, 2023|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230225050138/https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 82.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.4% of the population [http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,442 people, 964 households, and 607 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,352.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,035 housing units at an average density of {{convert|997.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.76% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.84% of the population.

There were 964 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $37,543, and the median income for a family was $47,054. Males had a median income of $36,422 versus $25,069 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,537. About 11.6% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

