==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 134
|1930= 142
|1940= 106
|1950= 95
|1960= 94
|1970= 124
|1980= 128
|1990= 110
|2000= 86
|2010= 92
|2020= 74
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Willard is part of the [[Topeka, Kansas]] [[Topeka metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 92 people, 34 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|836.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.5% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.5% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 35 years. 28.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 86 people, 38 households, and 22 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|806.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|468.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.14% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.1% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,500, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $22,813 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,513. There were no families and 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.1% of those over 64.

