==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1940 = 245
| 1950 = 187
| 1960 = 161
| 1970 = 113
| 1980 = 94
| 1990 = 83
| 2000 = 122
| 2010 = 122
| 2020 = 118
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 122 people, 40 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|12.1|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.0|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 40 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 15.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.34.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 144.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $24,000. Males had a median income of $12,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,939. There were 10.0% of families and 18.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.4% of under eighteens and 55.6% of those over 64.

