==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 500
|1910= 917
|1920= 785
|1930= 618
|1940= 939
|1950= 1192
|1960= 1180
|1970= 1073
|1980= 970
|1990= 950
|2000= 1069
|2010= 941
|2020= 966
|estyear=2022
|estimate=987
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 15, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 15, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=July 14, 2014}}</ref><br />2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 941 people, 452 households, and 205 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|381.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 605 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 452 households, of which 21.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.6% were non-families. 48.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 49 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 30.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.5% male and 55.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,069 people, 449 households, and 258 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|734.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 517 housing units at an average density of {{convert|355.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 88.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 8.98% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 449 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.7% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $44,063. Males had a median income of $31,324 versus $25,435 for females. The per capita income for the city was $17,079.  About 8.0% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 14.7% of those age 65 or over.

