==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 144
|1940= 182
|1950= 126
|1960= 179
|1970= 81
|1980= 62
|1990= 67
|2000= 77
|2010= 94
|2020= 65
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 94 people, 40 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|70.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|41.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 70.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 10.6% from two or more races.

There were 40 households, of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.0% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 41.5 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 77 people, 35 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|57.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 61.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 35.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.30% of the population.

There were 35 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 32.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,719, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $11,250 versus $21,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $27,247. There were no families and 8.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no residents younger than eighteen and none over 64.

