==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 576
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 726 people, 193 households and 154 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|205.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 231 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.93% of the population.

There were 193 households, of which 45.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.76 and the average family size was 4.38.

38.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $22,054 and the median family income was $21,250. Males had a median income of $25,156 vcompared with $15,577 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,041. About 51.4% of families and 59.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 63.0% of those under age 18 and 49.0% of those age 65 or over.

