==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 137
|1880= 259
|1890= 277
|1900= 238
|1910= 161
|1920= 128
|1930= 109
|1940= 78
|1950= 71
|1960= 57
|1970= 56
|1980= 64
|1990= 57
|2000= 53
|2010= 55
|2020= 29
|footnote=US Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name=FactFinder>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 55 people, 25 households, and 19 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|323.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.6% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 24.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.37.

The median age in the town was 53.2 years. 10.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 56.4% male and 43.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 53 people, 24 households, and 16 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|312.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|383.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 24 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.75.

The population age spread was 22.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,167. There were 7.7% of families and 9.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

