==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 183
|1890= 829
|1900= 1493
|1910= 1449
|1920= 1623
|1930= 1863
|1940= 2059
|1950= 2355
|1960= 2338
|1970= 2337
|1980= 2595
|1990= 2986
|2000= 3248
|2010= 3423
|2020= 3733
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> there were 3,423 people, 1,422 households and 829 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1188.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,526 housing units at an average density of {{convert|529.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup was 87.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3% of the population.

There were 1,422 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.7% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age was 39.1 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 3,248 people, 1,389 households and 837 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,176.7 per square mile (454.4/km{{sup|2}}). There were 1,442 housing units at an average density of 522.4 per square mile (201.7/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup was 96.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.88% of the population.

There were 1,389 households, of which 28% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.83.

23.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $33,281 and the median family income was $40,401. Males had a median income of $29,487 and females $19,926. The [[per capita income]] was $18,485. About 5.6% of families and 9.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

