==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 433
|2020= 473
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 473 people, 233 households, and 150 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 176.8 inhabitants per square mile (68.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 563 housing units at an average density of 210.4 per square mile (81.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 95.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.2% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.8% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from other races and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.5% of the population.

Of the 233 households, 15.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% were cohabitating couples, 18.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 20.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 35.6% of all households were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 55.9 years. 15.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.0% were from 25 and 44; 34.5% were from 45 and 64; and 28.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 50.3% male and 49.7% female.

