==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 456
|1980= 483
|1990= 534
|2000= 474
|2010= 497
|2020= 510
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 497 people, 197 households, and 152 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3550.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1450.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 197 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.8% were non-families. 17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 48.9 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 474 people, 200 households, and 147 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 3,205.8 people per square mile (1,220.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 204 housing units at an average density of 1,379.7 per square mile (525.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.38% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.27% of the population.

There were 200 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 37.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $71,389, and the median income for a family was $74,205. Males had a median income of $48,750 versus $30,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $30,551. None of the families and 1.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 2.6% of those over 64.

