==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 50
|1990= 948
|2000= 1250
|2010= 1714
|2020= 2050
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Seabrook Island racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4564712&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 15, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,983
|96.73%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|10
|0.49%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.1%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|9
|0.44%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|25
|1.22%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|21
|1.02%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 2,050 people, 951 households, and 703 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
{{More citations needed section|date=March 2026}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,250 people, 660 households, and 465 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|206.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,649 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.32% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 660 households, out of which 3.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 3.0% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 11.8% from 25 to 44, 40.9% from 45 to 64, and 41.2% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 62&nbsp;years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $66,548, and the median income for a family was $84,392. Males had a median income of $50,446 versus $40,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $49,863. About 2.1% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.

