==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 248
|1930= 279
|1940= 199
|1950= 270
|1960= 420
|1970= 342
|1980= 275
|1990= 229
|2000= 267
|2010= 255
|2020= 187
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 19, 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 255 people, 103 households, and 74 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1159.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|540.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 103 households, of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 38.8 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 267 people, 107 households, and 71 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,224.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|513.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.12% of the population.

There were 107 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,094, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,997. About 6.9% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.4% of those 65 or over.

