==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 186
|1890= 254
|1910= 251
|1920= 195
|1930= 177
|1940= 216
|1950= 306
|1960= 426
|1970= 439
|1980= 478
|1990= 465
|2000= 430
|2010= 428
|2020= 396
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 430 people, 136 households, and 73 families residing within the incorporated town. The population density was {{convert|194.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.86% of the population.

There were 125 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.6% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.9% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 43.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 64.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 62.0 males. Population statistics are influenced by the large number of town residents who domicile in the Bear Creek Nursing Home.

The median income for a household in the town was $53,438, and the median income for a family was $68,333. Males had a median income of $37,292 versus $30,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,347. About 4.9% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.-->
{{clear|left}}

