==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 457
|1960= 457
|1970= 406
|1980= 457
|1990= 451
|2000= 373
|2010= 333
|2020= 302
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 8, 2014}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 333 people, 158 households, and 100 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|336.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 180 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 158 households, of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the town was 48.6 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 25.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 373 people, 177 households and 109 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|372.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 227 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.

There were 177 households, of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.78.

Age distribution was 22.3% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,000, and the median family income was $41,250. Males had a median income of $28,594 versus $17,386 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,856. About 4.5% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.3% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

