==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 409
| 2010 = 503
| 2020 = 475
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 473
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 409 people, 161 households, and 126 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|115.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 97.56% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.98% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.49% from two or more races.  0.73% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 161 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,469, and the median income for a family was $31,188. Males had a median income of $25,547 versus $11,731 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,943.  About 8.1% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

