==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 76
|1940= 125
|1950= 24
|1960= 43
|1970= 27
|1980= 28
|1990= 8
|2000= 13
|2010= 20
|2020= 17
|estyear=2022
|estimate=18
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 2, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 2, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 20 people, 7 households, and 5 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|64.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 8 housing units at an average density of {{convert|25.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 75.0% White and 25.0% Native American.

Of the 7 households 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, 14.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of households were one person and 28.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.40.

The median age in the village was 31.5 years. 40% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 20% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 13 people, 6 households, and 4 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|41.7|PD/sqmi|1}}. There were 6 housing units at an average density of {{convert|19.3|/sqmi|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 100.00% White.

Of the 6 households 16.7% (1 household) had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% (4 households) were married couples living together, and 33.3% (2 households) were non-families. 33.3% (2 households) of all households were one person and 16.7% (1 houseshold) had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.75.

The age distribution was 23.1% under the age of 18, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 23.1% from 45 to 64, and 30.8% 65 or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.7 males.

The median household income was $53,750, and the median family income  was $53,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $26,250 for females. The per capita income for the village was $21,600. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

