==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 137 people, 48 households, and 38 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 159.0 people per square mile (61.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 56 housing units at an average density of 65.0/sq&nbsp;mi (25.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.92% of the population.

There were 48 households, out of which 43.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.8% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 15.3% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $34,250. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,687. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

