==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 712
|1890= 316
|1900= 244
|1910= 268
|1920= 245
|1930= 273
|1940= 255
|1950= 230
|1960= 224
|1970= 175
|1980= 170
|1990= 192
|2000= 175
|2010= 159
|2020= 138
|estyear=2021
|estimate=138
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 175 people, 68 households, and 45 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|207.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 99.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.57% from two or more races.

There were 68 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of eighteen, 8.6% from eighteen to twenty-four, 28.6% from twenty-five to forty-four, 25.7% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 11.4% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-seven years.

For every one hundred females, there were 88.2 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $40,417, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $33,571 compared with that of $18,750 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,965.

Roughly 4.2% of families and 9.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 21.4% of those who were aged sixty-five or over.

