==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 2940
|2010= 3061
|2020= 3016
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="GR8" />
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,940 people, 1,177 households, and 894 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 796.8 people per square mile (307.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,249 housing units at an average density of 338.5/sq&nbsp;mi (130.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the community was 98.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.44% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 1,177 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.87.

The age distribution is 22.3% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 91.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $39,135, and the median income for a family was $42,365. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $21,050 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $18,904. About 5.3% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.9% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

