==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = Sources: <ref name="GR2"/><ref name="Census 2010"/><ref name="2020 Census"/>
| 2000 = 6670
| 2010 = 6571
| 2020 = 7056
}}
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,670 people, 2,355 households, and 1,940 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|4,110.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,415 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,488.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.91% of the population. 21.7% were of German, 11.9% English, 8.8% Irish, 6.8% Norwegian and 5.6% American ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 2,355 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.6% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 13.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 27.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $62,476, and the median income for a family was $66,217. Males had a median income of $48,716 versus $35,300 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,008. About 3.6% of families and 3.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.9% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

