==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 220
|1910= 326
|1920= 451
|1930= 453
|1940= 451
|1950= 454
|1960= 382
|1970= 290
|1980= 383
|1990= 329
|2000= 374
|2010= 321
|2020= 347
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> there were 321 people, 128 households and 72 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|823.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|417.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the town was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 128 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 40.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the town was 48.9 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 26.5% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the town was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 374 people, 133 households and 90 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|978.2|/sqmi}}. There were 156 housing units at an average density of {{convert|408.0 |/sqmi}}. The racial make-up of the town was 99.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.27% from two or more races.

There were 133 households, of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present and 32.3% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.06.

27.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64 and 26.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,875 and the median family income was $38,750. Males had a median income of $31,458 and females $18,250. The [[per capita income]] was $15,685. About 2.3% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

