==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1920= 226
|1930= 264
|1940= 252
|1950= 210
|1960= 186
|1970= 201
|1980= 210
|1990= 220
|2000= 218
|2010= 207
|2020= 193
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 207 people, 86 households, and 61 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|559.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.1% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 41.8 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 12.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 218 people, 85 households, and 61 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|618.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% Black, 0.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.46% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 85 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 33.5% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 118.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $24,875 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,205. About 4.8% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

