==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 3608
|2000= 838
|2020= 580
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=CENSUS OF POPULATION AND HOUSING (1790-2000)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |accessdate=2010-07-17}}</ref><ref>Most of the census area in 1990 is now in [[Robinwood, Maryland|Robinwood]].</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 838 people, 286 households, and 233 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|215.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.84% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.39% of the population.

There were 286 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.5% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $48,523, and the median income for a family was $52,344. Males had a median income of $40,750 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,435. About 3.0% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

