==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 481
|1900= 589
|1910= 796
|1920= 820
|1930= 751
|1940= 829
|1950= 858
|1960= 828
|1970= 1147
|1980= 1334
|1990= 1156
|2000= 1204
|2010= 1325
|2020= 1172
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 17, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,325 people, 478 households, and 345 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1677.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 495 housing units at an average density of {{convert|626.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.7% of the population.

There were 478 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.8% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.14.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,204 people, 456 households, and 320 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,675.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 481 housing units at an average density of {{convert|669.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.46% of the population.

There were 456 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $36,776, and the median income for a family was $44,453. Males had a median income of $27,596 versus $20,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,275. About 10.1% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.

