==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 95
|1900= 501
|1910= 199
|1920= 159
|1930= 466
|1940= 648
|1950= 620
|1960= 1047
|1970= 1304
|1980= 1687
|1990= 1957
|2000= 1817
|2010= 1770
|2020= 1834
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Sparta racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3763680&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,329
| 72.46%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 35
| 1.91%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.33%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 10
| 0.55%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.05%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 59
| 3.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 394
| 21.48%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,834 people, 732 households, and 409 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,817 people, 825 households, and 441 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|765.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 922 housing units at an average density of {{convert|388.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.99% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.71% of the population.

There were 825 households, out of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.0% were married couples living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.5% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.1% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,474, and the median income for a family was $37,596. Males had a median income of $23,304 versus $18,281 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,237. About 10.6% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 33.0% of those age 65 or over.

