==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 155
|1940= 144
|1950= 142
|1960= 167
|1970= 188
|1980= 187
|1990= 148
|2000= 142
|2010= 130
|2020= 108
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 142 people, 56 households, and 40 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 754.1 people per square mile (288.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 59 housing units at an average density of 313.3/sq&nbsp;mi (119.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 56 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. Of all households 21.4% were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 27.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,708, and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $23,182 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,321. There were 18.6% of families and 19.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 38.7% of under eighteens and 10.0% of those over 64.
{{clear left}}

