==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 467
|1890= 191
|1900= 360
|1910= 874
|1920= 1636
|1930= 3111
|1940= 3630
|1950= 5934
|1960= 8559
|1970= 9931
|1980= 8422
|1990= 7831
|2000= 7636
|2010= 7888
|2020= 8130
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013|df=mdy}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly" />
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 7,636 people, 3,387 households and 2,157 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3552|PD/sqmi}}. There were 3,529 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,641.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 3,387 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.80.

21.3% of the population were under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $50,774 and the median family income was $61,578. Males had a median income of $48,625, and $32,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $28,256. About 3.6% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.5% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.

