==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Trinity Village had a population of 278. The population density was {{convert|69.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Trinity Village was 221 (79.5%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 13 (4.7%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 5 (1.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 3 (1.1%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 9 (3.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 27 (9.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 21 persons (7.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Trinity Village CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0680483 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 137 households, out of which 26 (19.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 38 (27.7%) were married-couple households, 11 (8.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 39 (28.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 49 (35.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 74 households (54.0%) were one person, and 36 (26.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.03.<ref name=DP1/> There were 57 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (41.6% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Trinity Village CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0680483 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 47 people (16.9%) under the age of 18, 2 people (0.7%) aged 18 to 24, 49 people (17.6%) aged 25 to 44, 89 people (32.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 91 people (32.7%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 57.5{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 133.6 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 137 (55.9%) were occupied. Of these, 97 (70.8%) were owner-occupied, and 40 (29.2%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

