==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 271
|1920= 127
|1930= 161
|1940= 177
|1950= 181
|1960= 146
|1970= 114
|1980= 89
|1990= 63
|2000= 69
|2010= 68
|2020= 67
|estyear=2022
|estimate=65
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 1, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 1, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 68 people, 25 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|19.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|8.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.7% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 31.5 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 61.8% male and 38.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 69 people, 27 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 20.0 people per square mile (7.7/km{{sup|2}}). There were 33 housing units at an average density of 9.6 per square mile (3.7/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 95.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.80% of the population.

There were 27 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.8% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $19,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,168. There were no families and 2.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

