==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 106
|1920= 175
|1930= 210
|1940= 204
|1950= 186
|1960= 204
|1970= 186
|1980= 238
|1990= 199
|2000= 198
|2010= 339
|2020= 337
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the census of 2000, there were 198 people, 88 households, and 55 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|127.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 93.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 12.63% of the population.

There were 88 households, out of which 19.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 19.7% from 25 to 44, 33.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $33,958 versus $31,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,951.  About 9.1% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.4% of those 65 or over.

