==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1209
|1910= 1573
|1920= 5324
|1930= 4867
|1940= 4123
|1950= 3843
|1960= 3299
|1970= 3041
|1980= 2638
|1990= 2546
|2000= 2314
|2010= 2397
|2020= 2454
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|access-date=October 16, 2021|archive-date=March 8, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220308015914/https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 82.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population [http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,314 people, 919 households, and 565 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,055.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,025 housing units at an average density of {{convert|910.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 91.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.77% of the population.

There were 919 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 31.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $28,219, and the median income for a family was $36,083. Males had a median income of $31,620 versus $24,569 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $13,738. About 13.3% of families and 21.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

