==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 484
|1920= 528
|1930= 410
|1940= 430
|1950= 408
|1960= 345
|1970= 294
|1980= 251
|1990= 205
|2000= 191
|2010= 172
|2020= 169
|estyear=2022
|estimate=165
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 172 people, 78 households, and 53 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|116.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 49.2 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.9% were from 25 to 44; 34.9% were from 45 to 64; and 24.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 191 people, 88 households, and 55 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|129.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.05% from two or more races.

There were 88 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 27.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,393, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,657. About 3.8% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

