==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1980 = 212
| 1990 = 290
| 2000 = 357
| 2010 = 326
| 2020 = 347
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Enchanted Oaks, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Enchanted%20Oaks%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 23, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 357 people, 166 households, and 122 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|917.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 237 housing units at an average density of {{convert|609.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.08% of the population.

There were 166 households, out of which 13.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.52.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.7% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 32.8% from 45 to 64, and 33.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The [[median age]] was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $64,097, and the median income for a family was $76,634. Males had a median income of $51,316 versus $34,545 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $32,563. None of the families and 7.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.3% of those over 64.

