==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 174
|1900= 226
|1910= 237
|1920= 345
|1930= 403
|1940= 430
|1950= 435
|1960= 449
|1970= 506
|1980= 480
|1990= 463
|2000= 424
|2010= 376
|2020= 377
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 376 people, 184 households, and 110 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|365.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.2% of the population.

There were 184 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 46 years. 18.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 33.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[United States Census, 2000|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 424 people, 191 households, and 109 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|408.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 214 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.89% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,938, and the median income for a family was $36,125. Males had a median income of $25,278 versus $17,596 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,476.  About 10.7% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

