==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 172
|1910= 172
|1920= 184
|1930= 228
|1940= 226
|1950= 242
|1960= 203
|1970= 185
|1980= 193
|1990= 157
|2000= 160
|2010= 176
|2020= 137
|estyear=2021
|estimate=138
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 21, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 21, 2022}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 176 people, 71 households, and 44 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|220.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 71 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.0% were non-families. Of all households 32.4% were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.20.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 27.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.9% were from 45 to 64; and 9.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 160 people, 69 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|201.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|95.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.12% from two or more races.

There were 69 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.0% were non-families. Of all households 33.3% were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $37,813. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,015. About 6.7% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those 65 or over.

