==Demographics==

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Anguilla Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2801500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 8, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|104
|20.97%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|381
|76.81%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|5
|1.01%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|4
|0.81%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|2
|0.4%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 496 people, 254 households, and 154 families residing in the town.
{{US Census population
|1920= 361
|1930= 467
|1940= 493
|1950= 601
|1960= 580
|1970= 612
|1980= 950
|1990= 883
|2000= 907
|2010= 726
|2020= 496
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 726 people, 266 households, and 191 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|868.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 301 housing units at an average density of {{convert|306.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 21.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]],  0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.0% of the population.

There were 266 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,712, and the median income for a family was $21,964. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,452. About 41.0% of families and 47.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 66.6% of those under age 18 and 24.0% of those age 65 or over.

