==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 1095
|1980= 1202
|1990= 1707
|2000= 1864
|2010= 1770
|2020= 1742
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,767 people, 741 households, and 512 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|365.0|PD/sqmi}}. There were 888 housing units at an average density of {{convert|173.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 50.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 43.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 80.53% of the population.

There were 741 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,448, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,303. About 20.7% of families and 24.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.8% of those under age 18 and 20.4% of those age 65 or over.

