==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 335
|1900= 419
|1910= 336
|1920= 226
|1930= 149
|1940= 208
|1950= 112
|1960= 119
|1970= 132
|1980= 139
|1990= 157
|2000= 169
|2010= 143
|2020= 151
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 143 people, 60 households, and 40 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|153.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 60 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 46.1 years. 21% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 34.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 169 people, 63 households, and 43 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|182.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.73% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,500, and the median income for a family was $34,286. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $31,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,258. About 4.8% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty-five or over.

