==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 162
|1920= 162
|1930= 155
|1940= 108
|1950= 142
|1960= 123
|1970= 74
|1980= 72
|1990= 59
|2000= 58
|2010= 30
|2020= 38
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=mdy-all}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 30 people, 20 households, and 7 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|176.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 20 households, of which 30.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 65.0% were non-families. 60.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 2.29.

The median age in the village was 60.5 years. 3.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 3.3% were from 25 to 44; 66.7% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 63.3% male and 36.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 58 people, 32 households, and 15 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|334.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|213.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.17% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.1% were non-families. 53.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 17.2% from 25 to 44, 36.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $15,833, and the median income for a family was $26,875. Males had a median income of $3,750 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,774. There were 28.6% of families and 23.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

