==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 185
|1880= 212
|1890= 195
|1900= 161
|1910= 147
|1920= 142
|1930= 138
|1940= 149
|1950= 152
|1960= 174
|1970= 189
|1980= 159
|1990= 134
|2000= 132
|2010= 134
|2020= 166
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 134 people, 51 households, and 38 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1914.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|885.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 51 households, of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.5% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 36 years. 29.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 132 people, 49 households, and 38 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,174.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|823.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.03% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 49.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.4% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.05. In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $56,500. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $30,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,257. There were 5.0% of families and 6.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

