==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 175
|1920= 270
|1930= 260
|1940= 273
|1950= 284
|1960= 253
|1970= 247
|1980= 216
|1990= 159
|2000= 177
|2010= 167
|2020= 166
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="FactFinder">{{cite web|title=American FactFinder|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212234628/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/index.xhtml|url-status=dead|archive-date=2020-02-12|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 167 people, 76 households, and 52 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|159.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|82.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 76 households, of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 50.2 years. 15% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 27.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 77 households, and 50 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|168.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 77 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,413. None of the families and 2.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.7% of those over 64.

