==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 320
|1920= 559
|1930= 540
|1940= 677
|1950= 766
|1960= 852
|1970= 1017
|1980= 949
|1990= 1292
|2000= 1450
|2010= 1636
|2020= 1494
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Denton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3716980&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 20, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,393
| 93.24%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 7
| 0.47%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.27%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 12
| 0.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 52
| 3.48%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 24
| 1.61%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,494 people, 671 households, and 403 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,636 people. The population density was {{convert|821.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 651 housing units at an average density of {{convert|368.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.00% of the population.

There were 595 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,950, and the median income for a family was $40,375. Males had a median income of $28,571 versus $21,354 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,439. About 11.2% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

