==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 410
|1920= 476
|1930= 468
|1940= 476
|1950= 448
|1960= 392
|1970= 300
|1980= 288
|1990= 192
|2000= 163
|2010= 98
|2020= 106
|estyear=2022
|estimate=112
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 98 people, 57 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|350.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 107 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 57 households, of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.1% were non-families. 47.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.38.

The median age in the city was 57 years. 10.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.6% were from 45 to 64; and 35.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 163 people, 81 households, and 45 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|582.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 81 households, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 14.7% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 38.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,500, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,520. About 15.1% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.6% of those 65 or over.

