==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 191
|1930= 174
|1940= 224
|1950= 194
|1960= 157
|1970= 205
|1980= 365
|1990= 180
|2000= 127
|2010= 130
|2020= 136
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 127 people, 51 households, and 39 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|263.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.36% of the population.

There were 51 households, out of which 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $25,781 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,617. There were 7.9% of families and 7.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 26.7% of those over 64.{{clear left}}

