==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1930= 231
|1940= 143
|1950= 102
|1960= 55
|1970= 21
|1980= 39
|1990= 24
|2000= 25
|2010= 38
|2020= 22
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 25 people, 9 households, and 6 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|39.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 14 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 9 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $54,375, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,536. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].{{clear left}}

