==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 76
|1910= 195
|1920= 263
|1930= 252
|1940= 272
|1950= 391
|1960= 206
|1970= 187
|1980= 160
|1990= 97
|2000= 132
|2010= 106
|2020= 83
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 106 people, 52 households, and 34 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|460.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.8% from two or more races.

There were 52 households, of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the village was 52 years. 14.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 33% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 132 people, 55 households, and 40 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|567.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|382.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 55 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $15,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,866. There were 12.2% of families and 12.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of under eighteens and 6.5% of those over 64.

