==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 191
|1920= 237
|1930= 306
|1940= 298
|1950= 303
|1960= 271
|1970= 456
|1980= 470
|1990= 373
|2000= 447
|2010= 447
|2020= 386
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 447 people, 179 households and 124 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|668.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 205 housing units at an average density of {{convert|306.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.34% of the population.

There were 179 households, of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.09.

26.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,500 and the median family income was $37,679. Males had a median income of $31,094 and females $24,167. The [[per capita income]] was $15,495. About 9.8% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

