==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 205
| 1890 = 280
| 1900 = 378
| 1910 = 331
| 1920 = 345
| 1930 = 335
| 1940 = 351
| 1950 = 263
| 1960 = 177
| 1970 = 221
| 1980 = 463
| 1990 = 487
| 2000 = 669
| 2010 = 795
| 2020 = 836
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="Decennial Census">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 643 people, 186 households, and 165 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,083.5 people per square mile (415.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 203 housing units at an average density of 364.8 per square mile (140.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 186 households, out of which 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.8% were non-families. 10.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.24, and the average family size was 3.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.0% under 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 99.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $35,662 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $13,531. About 7.1% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

