==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 816
|2010= 1101
|2020= 555
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=May 24, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 816 people, 301 households, and 217 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 162.3 people per square mile (62.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 321 housing units at an average density of 63.8/sq mi (24.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.23% of the population.

There were 301 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 108.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,850, and the median income for a family was $61,741. Males had a median income of $33,182 versus $30,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,300. About 6.1% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.7% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

10% of Ravensdale residents aged 25 and older have a bachelor's degree.

