==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 223
|1910= 428
|1920= 585
|1930= 548
|1940= 648
|1950= 802
|1960= 823
|1970= 668
|1980= 774
|1990= 662
|2000= 710
|2010= 711
|2020= 741
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 711 people, 321 households, and 182 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|287.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 364 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 321 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 38.3 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 710 people, 332 households, and 188 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|289.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.54% of the population. 30.1% were of [[Finns|Finnish]], 28.2% [[Germans|German]], 9.2% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]] and 7.6% [[United States|American]] ancestry.

There were 332 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,693, and the median income for a family was $36,429. Males had a median income of $27,115 versus $19,531 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,933.  About 11.7% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.6% of those under age 18 and 20.2% of those age 65 or over.

