==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 167
|1930= 427
|1960= 100
|2000= 615
|2010= 996
|2020= 707
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
Bouse first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village, then in Yuma County.<ref>{{cite web |author1=Bureau of the Census Library |title=Fourteenth Census of the United States - State Compendium - Arizona |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/06229686v1-7ch02.pdf |publisher=U.S. Government Printing Office |date=1924}}</ref> Although it did not appear separately as a village in 1930, the precinct it was located in, Bouse Precinct, had been contiguous with the village in 1920, and it reported a population of 427, which was majority White.<ref>{{cite web |title=Arizona - Composition and Characteristics |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/10612963v3p1ch02.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |pages=141{{endash}}163 |date=1930}}</ref> Bouse's population was estimated as 100 in 1940,<ref>{{Cite book |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=ZTcjAQAAMAAJ |title=The Attorneys List |publisher=United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, Attorney List Department |year=1940 |page=85 |language=en}}</ref> and also 100 in the 1960 census.<ref>{{Cite encyclopedia |year=1960 |title=Arizona |encyclopedia=World Book Encyclopedia |publisher=Field Enterprises Educational Corporation |location=Chicago |volume=A |page=557}}</ref>  It appeared again in 2000, when it was made a census-designated place (CDP), now within La Paz County.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-4.pdf |title=Arizona: 2000 - Summary Population and Housing Characteristics |publisher=U.S. Government Printing Office |author=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 1, 2019 |archive-date=October 1, 2019 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20191001023716/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc-1-4.pdf |url-status=dead }}</ref>

As of the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 996 people, 547 households, and 303 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|60.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 562 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.6% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races.  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 320 households, out of which 6.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 9.8% under the age of 18, 1.1% from 18 to 24, 8.5% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 51.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 65 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,479, and the median income for a family was $27,935. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $20,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,623.  About 9.9% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.4% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

