==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 380
|1930= 333
|1940= 413
|1950= 413
|1960= 474
|1970= 444
|1980= 426
|1990= 416
|2000= 371
|2010= 423
|2020= 335
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 423 people, 147 households, and 113 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2643.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1006.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.2% from two or more races.

There were 147 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.1% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the town was 37.2 years. 27.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 371 people, 136 households, and 102 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,462.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|975.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.81% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,406, and the median income for a family was $36,786. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $25,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,605. About 7.3% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

