==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 761
| 1900 = 1400
| 1910 = 1078
| 1920 = 835
| 1930 = 751
| 1940 = 769
| 1950 = 662
| 1960 = 554
| 1970 = 498
| 1980 = 848
| 1990 = 736
| 2000 = 717
| 2010 = 662
| 2020 = 590
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 697
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 717 people, 284 households, and 199 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|218.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 334 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.02% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.84% from two or more races.  0.28% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 284 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,407, and the median income for a family was $26,917. Males had a median income of $23,646 versus $16,806 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,731.  About 19.1% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.5% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.

