==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 557
| 1920 = 449
| 1930 = 567
| 1940 = 810
| 1950 = 926
| 1960 = 1133
| 1970 = 1181
| 1980 = 2410
| 1990 = 1969
| 2000 = 1726
| 2010 = 1690
| 2020 = 1702
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 1770
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2020, there were 1,697 people, 804 households, and 476 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|497.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 982 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.1% of the population.

There were 804 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were married couples living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the town was 48.9 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,690 people, 802 households, and 474 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|497.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 979 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.1% of the population.

There were 802 households, of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.9% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the town was 48.9 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.3% were from 25 to 44; 34.6% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,726 people, 757 households, and 482 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|505.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 939 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.11% of the population.

There were 757 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were married couples living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 23.1% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,135, and the median income for a family was $45,362. Males had a median income of $32,446 versus $20,489 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,376. About 8.4% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.

