==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 340
|1920= 431
|1930= 351
|1940= 405
|1950= 313
|1960= 277
|1970= 244
|1980= 201
|1990= 204
|2000= 181
|2010= 131
|2020= 126
|estyear=2022
|estimate=123
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 131 people, 65 households, and 35 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|595.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|359.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 65 households, of which 16.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 43.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 51.9 years. 16.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 35.8% were from 45 to 64; and 28.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.2% male and 45.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 181 people, 79 households, and 51 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|842.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 79 households, out of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,716. About 10.0% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 20.5% of those 65 or over.

