==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 184
|1880= 396
|1890= 638
|1940= 491
|1950= 502
|1960= 801
|1970= 814
|1980= 1054
|1990= 995
|2000= 1064
|2010= 1140
|2020= 1014
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,140 people, 399 households, and 263 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1008.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 456 housing units at an average density of {{convert|403.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 72.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 22.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 35.8% of the population.

There were 399 households, of which 43.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.53.

The median age in the city was 30.2 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 20.5% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,064 people, 411 households, and 283 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|932.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 468 housing units at an average density of {{convert|410.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.66% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 7.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.97% of the population.

There were 411 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,688, and the median income for a family was $35,125. Males had a median income of $23,889 versus $19,118 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,153. About 15.3% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.1% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those age 65 or over.

