==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 327
|1890= 821
|1900= 889
|1910= 1071
|1920= 1212
|1930= 1341
|1940= 1316
|1950= 1352
|1960= 2207
|1970= 2602
|1980= 2412
|1990= 2851
|2000= 2715
|2010= 2669
|2020= 2778
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 65.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 25.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population [http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table]{{dead link|date=January 2025|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}. The current mayor is Michele Roberts.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Borough Council, Mayor and School Board – Borough of Morton |url=https://mortonpa.org/borough-government-3/borough-mayor-and-council/ |access-date=2023-05-24 |language=en-US}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,715 people, 1,145 households, and 687 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|7,502.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,340.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 69.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 24.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.90% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 1,145 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 32.2% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $46,731, and the median income for a family was $64,271. Males had a median income of $38,720 versus $34,940 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $25,408. About 4.4% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

