==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 5519
| 2010 = 7547
| 2020 = 9740
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Murrells Inlet racial composition<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4548985&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=December 10, 2021 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|8,682
|89.14%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|478
|4.91%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|19
|0.2%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|57
|0.59%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|281
|2.89%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|223
|2.29%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 9,740 people, 4,129 households, and 2,773 families residing in the CDP.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 8,547 people, 2,585 households, and 1,654 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|751.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|429.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 2,585 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were married couples living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 15.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 31.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,877, and the median income for a family was $47,194. Males had a median income of $30,562 versus $26,178 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,197. About 5.4% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

