==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 202
|1900= 146
|1910= 157
|1920= 144
|1930= 127
|1940= 105
|1950= 78
|1960= 59
|1970= 25
|1980= 42
|1990= 28
|2000= 73
|2010= 59
|2020= 46
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 59 people, 25 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|491.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|266.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 81.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.6% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 34.3 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 37.4% were from 25 to 44; 20.4% were from 45 to 64; and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 73 people, 22 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|602.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] of any race were 6.85% of the population.

There were 22 households, out of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.32 and the average family size was 3.94.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 42.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 121.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $32,188. Males had a median income of $17,292 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,792. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

