==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 320
|1880= 332
|1890= 283
|1900= 405
|1910= 450
|1920= 700
|1930= 826
|1940= 928
|1950= 946
|1960= 1043
|1970= 1359
|1980= 1374
|1990= 1378
|2000= 1514
|2010= 1595
|2020= 1481
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Snow Hill racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3762760&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 584
| 39.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 679
| 45.85%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 4
| 0.27%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 16
| 1.08%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 45
| 3.04%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 153
| 10.33%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,481 people, 760 households, and 480 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,595 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 52.6% Black, 36.3% White, 0.2% Native American, 1.1% Asian, 0.1% from some other race and 1.1% from two or more races. 8.7% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,514 people, 627 households, and 381 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,286.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 683 housing units at an average density of {{convert|580.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 48.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 47.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.30% of the population.

There were 627 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.2% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone, who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,795, and the median income for a family was $29,213. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $20,556 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,904. About 15.3% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 26.5% of those age 65 or over.

