==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 144
|1900= 344
|1910= 324
|1920= 501
|1930= 466
|1940= 468
|1950= 438
|1960= 521
|1970= 580
|1980= 667
|1990= 733
|2000= 826
|2010= 1089
|2020= 1115
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
It has several farms. 
As of late 2012, the oldest living person in Minnesota lives in Elgin, at age 112.<ref>{{cite news | title = Oldest Living Minnesotan Turns 112 | url = http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2012/10/15/oldest-living-minnesotan-turns-112/ | work = CBS Minnesota | date = October 15, 2012}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,089 people, 400 households, and 295 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1183.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 400 households, of which 46.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.3% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the city was 31 years. 31.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.9% were from 25 to 44; 19.2% were from 45 to 64; and 8.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 826 people, 321 households, and 215 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,262.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 324 housing units at an average density of {{convert|495.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.97% of the population.

There were 321 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,184, and the median income for a family was $47,917. Males had a median income of $33,000 versus $22,679 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,745.  About 3.4% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

