==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 225
|1870= 199
|1880= 182
|1890= 214
|1900= 299
|1920= 702
|1930= 259
|1940= 253
|1950= 239
|1960= 200
|1970= 225
|1980= 213
|1990= 152
|2000= 179
|2010= 153
|2020= 125
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 179 people, 85 households, and 51 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,105.0 people per square mile (432.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 93 housing units at an average density of 574.1 per square mile (224.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 85 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,119. About 20.4% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.1% of those sixty-five or over.

