==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 416
| 1930 = 397
| 1940 = 404
| 1950 = 509
| 1960 = 548
| 1970 = 453
| 1980 = 432
| 1990 = 499
| 2000 = 536
| 2010 = 607
| 2020 = 537
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 608 people, 248 households, and 155 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|601.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 283 housing units at an average density of {{convert|280.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 248 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 37.5 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 536 people, 223 households, and 136 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 536.3 people per square mile (207.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 259 housing units at an average density of 259.1 per square mile (100.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. 1.87% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 223 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,481, and the median income for a family was $42,292. Males had a median income of $29,792 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,103. About 11.5% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 18.5% of those age 65 or over.

