==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1880= 458
|1890= 770
|1900= 939
|1910= 981
|1920= 1020
|1930= 1038
|1940= 1068
|1950= 1039
|1960= 905
|1970= 870
|1980= 978
|1990= 834
|2000= 799
|2010= 781
|2020= 859
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 781 people, 331 households, and 203 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1301.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 405 housing units at an average density of {{convert|675.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White American|White]], 0.4% [[African American]], 0.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.3% [[Asian American|Asian]], 0.4% from other races, and 4.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics and Latinos]] of any race were 3.5% of the population.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref>

There were 331 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.82.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>

The median age in the city was 47.6 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>

The median income for a household in the city was $44,250, and the median income for a family was $55,542. Males had a median income of $37,273 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,109. 5.2% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 799 people, 333 households, and 205 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,436.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 406 housing units at an average density of {{convert|730.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.87% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 333 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.4% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 28.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $34,821, and the median income for a family was $47,768. Males had a median income of $28,173 versus $23,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,622. About 2.0% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.0% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

