==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 212
|1900= 164
|1910= 157
|1920= 150
|1930= 69
|1940= 190
|1950= 118
|1960= 107
|1970= 185
|1980= 223
|1990= 251
|2000= 205
|2010= 274
|2020= 256
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 205 people, 96 households, and 52 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|314.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|156.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.49% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population. There are now (2010) a couple of French people representing 0.98% of the people.

There were 96 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were married couples living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.8% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 46.3% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $67,500, and the median income for a family was $73,250. Males had a median income of $46,042 versus $31,875 for females. The per capita income for the town was $29,904. About 5.9% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under the age of eighteen and 46.7% of those 65 or over.

