==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 2039
|1880= 2716
|1890= 2604
|1900= 2943
|1910= 2817
|1920= 2785
|1930= 2956
|1940= 2913
|1950= 3052
|1960= 2813
|1970= 2716
|1980= 2440
|1990= 2207
|2000= 2149
|2010= 1859
|2020= 1829
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1746
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,859 people, 873 households, and 442 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|845|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 977 housing units at an average density of {{convert|444|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.70% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.40% of the population.

There were 873 households, out of which 22.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.70% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 49.40% were non-families. 42.40% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the age distribution of the population was spread out, with 22.70% under the age of 20, 5.40% from 20 to 24, 31.80% from 25 to 50, and 17.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.20 years old. The Village of Watkins Glen had 866 male and 993 female residents.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,969 and the median income for a family was $55,357. Males had a median income of $37,885 versus $29,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,116. 5.0% of the population and 1.70% of families lived below the [[poverty line]]. 3.6% of those under 18 and 6.80% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

