==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 200
|1930= 192
|1940= 221
|1950= 206
|1960= 199
|1970= 146
|1980= 433
|1990= 272
|2000= 348
|2010= 440
|2020= 411
|estyear=2025
|estimate=405
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 Census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> there were 440 people, 183 households, and 114 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|862.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 223 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The ethnic makeup of the town was 94.1% [[Caucasian (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more ethnic groups. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any ethnic groups were 11.4% of the population.

There were 183 households, of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 34.3 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 348 people, 147 households, and 88 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 705.8 people per square mile (274.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 399.6 per square mile (155.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.17% of the population.

There were 147 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,688, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $32,031 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,812. About 7.9% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

