==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 905
| 1930 = 101
| 1940 = 125
| 1950 = 139
| 1960 = 164
| 1970 = 180
| 1980 = 106
| 1990 = 107
| 2000 = 78
| 2010 = 74
| 2020 = 73
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 78 people in 25 households, including 21 families, in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,345.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|534.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 91.03% White, 3.85% African American, 1.28% from other races, and 3.85% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.56%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 25 households 60.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 24.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.0% were non-families. 4.0% of households were one person and none had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 3.29.

The age distribution was 34.6% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 39.7% from 25 to 44, 14.1% from 45 to 64, and 2.6% 65 or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 59.4 males.

The median household income was $29,375 and the median family income was $29,375. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $24,167 for females. The per capita income for the town was $11,516. There were 14.3% of families and 19.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 19.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

