==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 736
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results|website=apps.mla.org}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Hopi language|Hopi]] at home || 56%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 40%
|-
| Spoke [[Navajo language|Navajo]] at home || 4%
|}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 776 people, 253 households, and 184 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|46.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|17.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.4% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 3.9% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races.  [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 253 households, out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.07 and the average family size was 3.69.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 32.9% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $30,729. Males had a median income of $21,964 versus $20,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,067.  About 24.0% of families and 24.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 30.4% of those age 65 or over.

