==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 50
|1950= 84
|1960= 28
|1970= 70
|1980= 88
|1990= 135
|2000= 125
|2010= 109
|2020= 120
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Pitkas Point first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as the unincorporated village of "Pitka's Point". In 1950, it returned as Pitkas Point. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 125 people, 30 households, and 24 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|83.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 6.40% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 91.20% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 2.40% from two or more races.

There were 30 households, out of which 56.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.17 and the average family size was 4.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 46.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 15.2% from 45 to 64, and 3.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,875, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,488. There were 40.0% of families and 32.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and 57.1% of those over 64.

