==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 780
|1900= 757
|1910= 728
|1920= 678
|1930= 704
|1940= 731
|1950= 798
|1960= 813
|1970= 830
|1980= 973
|1990= 912
|2000= 898
|2010= 1001
|2020= 943
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,001 people, 369 households, and 267 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1725.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 423 housing units at an average density of {{convert|729.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 369 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the town was 31.2 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 898 people, 335 households, and 230 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,424.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 365 housing units at an average density of {{convert|579.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.79% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.90% of the population.

There were 335 households, out of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $38,750, and the median income for a family was $42,222. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,372. About 5.7% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.2% of those under age 18 and 1.8% of those age 65 or over.

