==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 115
|1940= 145
|1950= 126
|1960= 118
|1970= 118
|1980= 147
|1990= 161
|2000= 147
|2010= 475
|2020= 480
|estyear=2022
|estimate=476
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 21, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 475 people, 151 households, and 128 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|118.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races.

There were 151 households, of which 58.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 15.2% were non-families. 11.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.15 and the average family size was 3.42.

The median age in the city was 31.7 years. 38.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 38.1% were from 25 to 44; 15.1% were from 45 to 64; and 4.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.3% male and 46.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 147 people, 62 households, and 45 families living in the city, though the town had a housing boom from 2004 to 2009. The population density was {{convert|36.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|16.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 62 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 114.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,750, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $31,786 versus $26,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,984. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

