==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 291
|1920= 369
|1930= 462
|1940= 469
|1950= 466
|1960= 536
|1970= 596
|1980= 758
|1990= 817
|2000= 714
|2010= 765
|2020= 758
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=February 15, 2023}}</ref>
}}
Many of the first White settlers in Coon Valley were Norwegian immigrants. The Norwegian language is no longer fluently spoken in the area, but there are a very few older people who remember pieces of vocabulary and grammar.<ref>* Golden, Anne, and Elizabeth Lanza. "Coon Valley Norwegians meet Norwegians from Norway." ''Germanic Heritage Languages in North America'' (2015): 323-358.</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 765 people, 324 households, and 216 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|701.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{convert|319.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 324 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 41.3 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 714 people, 307 households, and 209 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 661.1 people per square mile (255.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 332 housing units at an average density of 307.4 per square mile (118.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 307 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,458, and the median income for a family was $45,962. Males had a median income of $31,736 versus $21,176 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,292. About 6.3% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

