==Demographics==
Unity first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2020 U.S. census]].<ref>{{Cite web|title=2020 Geography Changes|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/technical-documentation/table-and-geography-changes/2020/geography-changes.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=}}</ref>

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Unity CDP, Illinois – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Unity CDP, Illinois|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US1776875&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|14
|14.29%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|75
|76.53%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|4
|4.08%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|5
|5.10%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''98'''
|'''100.00%'''
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 98 people, 25 households, and 13 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{Convert|139.80|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|77.03|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 17.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 77.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.10% of the population.

There were 25 households, none with children under the age of 18 living with them. 52.00% of households were married couples living together. 48.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.85 and the average family size was 2.48.

The CDP's age distribution consisted of none under the age of 18, none from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 11.3% from 45 to 64, and 62.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 66.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 148.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 148.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $59,464; the [[per capita income]] was $30,961. No families, and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].{{US Census population
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

