==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,185 people, 473 households, and 335 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 175.3 people per square mile (67.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 525 housing units at an average density of 77.7/sq&nbsp;mi (30.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.46% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.69% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.71% of the population.

There were 473 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $41,689. Males had a median income of $40,250 versus $21,853 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,995. About 12.0% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.3% of those under age 18 and 18.6% of those age 65 or over.

