==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 386
|1960= 459
|1970= 389
|1980= 355
|1990= 360
|2000= 372
|2010= 340
|2020= 305
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 306
|estref= <ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 340 people, 128 households, and 97 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2266.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1000.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races.

There were 128 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 9.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 372 people, 138 households, and 98 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,658.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,043.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.27% of the population.

There were 138 households, out of which 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 36.6% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $48,750, and the median income for a family was $50,750. Males had a median income of $29,643 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,256. None of the families and 1.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

