==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 268
|1840= 637
|1850= 747
|1860= 798
|1870= 821
|1880= 566
|1900= 935
|1910= 1523
|1920= 1872
|1930= 1898
|1940= 1898
|1950= 1792
|1960= 1792
|1970= 1579
|1980= 1400
|1990= 1456
|2000= 1345
|2010= 1254
|2020= 1233
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1230
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,254 people, 535 households, and 324 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was 3,135 people per square mile. There were 578 housing units at an average density of 1445 per square mile. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population. The population age was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 59.5% from 18 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age of the population is 39½. 46.7% of the population is male.<ref name="city-data.com">{{Cite web|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Williamsburg-Pennsylvania.html|title=Williamsburg, Pennsylvania (PA 16693) profile: population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving, houses, news, sex offenders|website=www.city-data.com}}</ref>

There were 535 family households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] Husband and wife both present, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.98.<ref name="city-data.com"/>

In 2010, there were 578 housing units within the borough. Of these 535, or 92.6% were occupied, leaving an overall vacancy rate of 7.4%. The owner-occupied vacancy rate was 1.8% and the [[rental vacancy rate]] was 6.1% of total available units. Approximately 60% of the units in the borough are owner occupied, with the remaining 40% rentals. The median price for a house is $78,000, and the average rental unit goes for $466/mo.<ref name="city-data.com"/> The median income for a household in the borough was $27,877, and the median income for a family was $35,633.  The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,403. About 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], nearly double that of the previous Census in 2000. The Williamsburg cost of living index is 92.4, well below the national average. 84.4% of the population age 25 or older has at least a high school diploma.<ref name="city-data.com"/>

