==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 1024
|2020= 973
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Johnstonville first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Johnstonville had a population of 973. The population density was {{convert|113.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Johnstonville was 791 (81.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 4 (0.4%) [[African Americans|African American]], 24 (2.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 14 (1.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.1%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 51 (5.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 88 (9.0%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 134 persons (13.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Johnstonville CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0637484 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 358 households, out of which 108 (30.2%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 208 (58.1%) were married-couple households, 29 (8.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 71 (19.8%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 50 (14.0%) had a male householder with no partner present. 56 households (15.6%) were one person, and 27 (7.5%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.72.<ref name=DP1/> There were 274 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (76.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Johnstonville CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0637484 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 204 people (21.0%) under the age of 18, 75 people (7.7%) aged 18 to 24, 216 people (22.2%) aged 25 to 44, 276 people (28.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 202 people (20.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 44.3{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 107.9 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 403 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 358 (88.8%) were occupied. Of these, 289 (80.7%) were owner-occupied, and 69 (19.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

