==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 141
|1920= 120
|1930= 104
|1940= 65
|1950= 37
|1960= 31
|1970= 15
|1980= 12
|1990= 8
|2000= 6
|2010= 4
|2020= 1
|estyear=2024
|estimate=5
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there was one person and zero families residing in the city. There were four housing units.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 4 people, 1 household containing 1 family residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|16.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 3 housing units at an average density of {{convert|12.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 3 households, of which one was a [[Marriage|married couple]] living together and the other two single people living alone. 1 household was a person living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.33 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the city was 58.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 0.0% were from 25 to 44; 75% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 75.0% male and 25.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 6 people, 3 households, and 3 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 23.9 people per square mile (9.3/km{{sup|2}}). There were three housing units at an average density of 11.9 per square mile (4.6/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were three households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, and 100% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together. The average household size was two and the average family size was two.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. There were three males and three females.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $41,250. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,050. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

