==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= 
|1870|236
|1880|280
|1890|714
|1900|402
|1910|299
|1920|210
|1930|206
|1940|241
|1950|213
|1960|203
|1970|222
|1980|220
|1990|177
|2000|214
|2010|167
|2020|157
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 157 people, 61 households, and 45 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 278.7 inhabitants per square mile (107.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 71 housing units at an average density of 126.0 per square mile (48.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 91.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4.5% from other races and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.3% of the population.

Of the 61 households, 23.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% were cohabitating couples, 21.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 19.7% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.2% of all households were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 51.4 years. 15.9% of the residents were under the age of 20; 1.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 and 44; 42.0% were from 45 and 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 167 people, 68 households, and 46 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|298.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 68 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 10.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.7% male and 47.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 214 people, 72 households, and 60 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|386.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.3% were non-families. 9.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.3% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,354, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $30,156 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,366. About 6.3% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

