==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 90
|1900= 214
|1910= 428
|1920= 473
|1930= 483
|1940= 552
|1950= 646
|1960= 732
|1970= 772
|1980= 683
|1990= 764
|2000= 881
|2010= 894
|2020= 952
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 894 people, 361 households, and 229 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1375.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 416 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.3% of the population.

There were 361 households, of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.6% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46, and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 31.9 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 20.9% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 881 people, 323 households, and 214 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,350.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 344 housing units at an average density of {{convert|527.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.33% of the population.

There were 323 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.59, and the average family size was 3.22.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $50,972, and the median income for a family was $44,583. Males had a median income of $41,250 versus $26,696 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,308.  About 11.1% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.1% of those under age 18 and 19.9% of those age 65 or over.

