==Demographics==
===2010 census===
{{US Census population
|1970= 1233
|1980= 839
|1990= 714
|2000= 657
|2010= 696
|2020= 736
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=October 3, 2014|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 696 people, 282 households and 190 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|3,017.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 294 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,274.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 0.4% [[American Indian (U.S. Census)|American Indian]] or [[Alaska Native (U.S. Census)|Alaska Native]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 282 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.05.

24.7% Of the population were under the age of 18 and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 657 people, 284 households and 203 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,848.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,253.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.07% of the population.

There were 284 households, of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.76.

20.1% of the po;ulation were under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 25.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $59,904 and the median family income was $61,083. Males had a median income of $42,250 and females $30,156. The [[per capita income]] was $27,897. None of the families and 0.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

