==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 466
|1960= 451
|1970= 448
|1980= 451
|1990= 420
|2000= 364
|2010= 347
|2020= 328
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 326
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 347 people, 134 households, and 98 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2168.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|912.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 134 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.9% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 37.5 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 364 people, 144 households, and 105 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,387.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|977.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 144 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,139, and the median income for a family was $46,563. Males had a median income of $29,444 versus $22,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,015. About 6.7% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.2% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

