==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 444
| 2010 = 407
| 2020 = 466
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 444 people, 212 households, and 150 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|481.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 247 housing units at an average density of {{convert|268.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.35% of the population.

There were 212 households, out of which 14.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were married couples living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.41.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.1% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 14.6% from 25 to 44, 32.2% from 45 to 64, and 36.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $56,875, and the median income for a family was $59,615. Males had a median income of $61,058 versus $40,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,556.  None of the families and 3.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

