==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 392
|1920= 489
|1930= 648
|1940= 533
|1950= 416
|1960= 318
|1970= 265
|1980= 259
|1990= 240
|2000= 284
|2010= 221
|2020= 185
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br />2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 284 people, 116 households, and 83 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|289.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 150 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.24% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.70% from two or more races. 1.76% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 116 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,274, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,066. About 20.7% of families and 24.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

