==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 122
|2020= 77
|estyear=
|estimate= 
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Leggett first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Leggett had a population of 77. The population density was {{convert|28.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Leggett was 56 (73%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 0 (0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0 (0%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 13 (17%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8 (10%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 17 persons (22%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Leggett CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0641026 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 24, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 35 households, out of which 7 (20%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 8 (23%) were married-couple households, 9 (26%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 3 (9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 15 (43%) had a male householder with no partner present. 5 households (14%) were one person, and 2 (6%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.20.<ref name=DP1/> There were 19 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (54% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Leggett CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0641026 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 24, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 12 people (16%) under the age of 18, 7 people (9%) aged 18 to 24, 26 people (34%) aged 25 to 44, 20 people (26%) aged 45 to 64, and 12 people (16%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 40.5{{nbsp}}years. There were 39 males and 38 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 35 (56%) were occupied. Of these, 17 (49%) were owner-occupied, and 18 (51%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

