==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 168
|1880= 433
|1890= 562
|1900= 656
|1910= 699
|1920= 866
|1930= 949
|1940= 1001
|1950= 1402
|1960= 1676
|1970= 1902
|1980= 2145
|1990= 2380
|2000= 3231
|2010= 3972
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=4420}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5565100">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Prairie du Sac village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5565100&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 28, 2022}}</ref> the population was 4,420. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,424.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,885 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,034.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.8% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.4% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 5.2% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,972 people, 1,649 households, and 1,075 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2562.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,733 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1118.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.8% of the population.

There were 1,649 households, of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 36.2 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 3,231 people, 1,290 households, and 869 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,450.9 people per square mile (945.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,332 housing units at an average density of 1,010.4 per square mile (389.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. 2.04% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,290 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,472, and the median income for a family was $55,234. Males had a median income of $35,020 versus $28,882 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $23,068. About 4.7% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

