==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 186
|1960= 244
|1970= 189
|1980= 185
|1990= 151
|2000= 126
|2010= 99
|2020= 89
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 99 people, 46 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|582.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|394.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races.

There were 46 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.8% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 42.8 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 33.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 126 people, 51 households, and 37 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|731.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|348.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 51 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $14,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,235. There were 5.7% of families and 4.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.1% of those over 64.

