==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 135
|1980= 163
|1990= 124
|2000= 88
|2010= 108
|2020= 100
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 108 people, 29 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1200.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|366.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 2.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 97.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 62.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 24.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 17.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.6% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.72 and the average family size was 4.48.

The median age in the town was 22 years. 44.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 20.3% were from 45 to 64; and 2.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 56.5% male and 43.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 88 people, 30 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,136.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 13.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 86.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 30 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.2% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,250, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,735. There were 45.8% of families and 39.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 39.4% of under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

