==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 219
|1920= 354
|1930= 329
|1940= 421
|1950= 434
|1960= 436
|1970= 378
|1980= 380
|1990= 319
|2000= 270
|2010= 251
|2020= 254
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 251 people, 128 households, and 72 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|597.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 128 households, of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 40.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.61.

The median age in the city was 51.2 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 35.2% were from 45 to 64; and 24.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 270 people, 128 households, and 83 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|650.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|325.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.07% of the population.

There were 128 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.60.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,375, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $18,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,573.  About 13.3% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.3% of those 65 or over.

