==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 207
|1920= 235
|1930= 189
|1940= 193
|1950= 188
|1960= 132
|1970= 95
|1980= 90
|1990= 83
|2000= 86
|2010= 85
|2020= 91
|estyear=2021
|estimate=94
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=June 24, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 16, 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 85 people, 34 households, and 24 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|653.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|323.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the town was 34.8 years. 35.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.5% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 86 people, 37 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|637.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|333.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 37 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.7% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 9.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,708, and the median income for a family was $33,438. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $24,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,677. There were no families and 9.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 18.2% of those over 64.

