==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 149
|1890= 185
|1900= 153
|1910= 191
|1920= 168
|1930= 135
|1940= 129
|1950= 110
|1960= 131
|1970= 123
|1980= 107
|1990= 128
|2000= 112
|2010= 107
|2020= 112
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 112 people, 42 households, and 34 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|53.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of 20.5 per square mile (7.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 96.43% White, 3.57% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.57% of the population.

There were 42 households, out of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.0% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.06.

The borough median age of 39 years was slightly less than the county median age of 40 years. The distribution by age group was 25.0% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $29,750. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $12,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $12,026. There were 18.2% of families and 10.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

