==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 338
|1900= 554
|1910= 661
|1920= 648
|1930= 693
|1940= 656
|1950= 633
|1960= 649
|1970= 704
|1980= 815
|1990= 693
|2000= 700
|2010= 612
|2020= 611
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> there were 612 people, 257 households and 158 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1530.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 289 housing units at an average density of {{convert|722.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 257 households, of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.5% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 49.6 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 33.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 700 people, 270 households and 183 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,758.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 300 housing units at an average density of {{convert|753.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.29% of the population.

There were 270 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age was 43 years.  24.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 30.3% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $33,864 and the median family income was $37,679. Males had a median income of $28,000 compared with $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,373. About 5.0% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

