==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1950 = 1155
| 1960 = 1279
| 1970 = 1127
| 1980 = 1068
| 1990 = 866
| 2000 = 772
| 2010 = 770
| 2020 = 585
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 586
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Mountain Pine racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0547450&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 389
| 66.5%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 100
| 17.09%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.34%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 64
| 10.94%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 30
| 5.13%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 585 people, 284 households, and 147 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 772 people, 308 households, and 221 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|445.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 353 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 71.37% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 23.45% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.94% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.65% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.33% from two or more races.  0.39% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 308 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.2% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.51, and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,804, and the median income for a family was $22,344. Males had a median income of $22,206 versus $16,058 for females. About 39.8% of families were below the poverty level.

