==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 256
| 1930 = 230
| 1940 = 197
| 1950 = 183
| 1960 = 152
| 1970 = 203
| 1980 = 191
| 1990 = 152
| 2000 = 169
| 2010 = 162
| 2020 = 158
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 162 people, 70 households, and 44 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|160.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 70 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 20.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 30.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 169 people, 69 households, and 48 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 167.3 people per square mile (64.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 77 housing units at an average density of 76.2 per square mile (29.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.59% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,500, and the median income for a family was $41,000. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $19,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,006. About 5.6% of families and 4.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

