==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=ChangeGeoContext&geo_id=86000US54980&_geoContext=01000US 86000US54934&_street=&_county=&_cityTown=&_state=04000US55&_zip=54980&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=DEC_2000_SAFF&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null%3Anull&_keyword=&_industry= Waukau - Fact Sheet - American FactFinder]{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}</ref> of 2000, the population of Waukau, Wisconsin was 178 people, 85 male and 93 female with a median age of 36.6, 9% under 5 years, 75.8% 18 years and over, and 11.2% 65 years and over.

The racial makeup of Waukau, Wisconsin was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], and 1.7% [[Multiracial American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

Average household size was 2.54.  Average family size was 3.00. Total housing units was 73, 95.9% occupied. Of those occupied, 81.4% were owner-occupied, 18.6% renter occupied. Vacant housing units were 4.1%.

The population 25 years and over was 127, 72.4% a high school graduate or higher, and 7.1% held a bachelor's degree or higher. Civilian veteran population was 20.6%. Disability status of the population 5 years and over was 21.6%.
Married male, except separated, population 15 years and over was 59.4%. Married female, except separated, population 15 years and over was 58.3%.

The population, 16 and over, in the labor force was 61.7%. Mean travel time to work for workers 16 and over was 26.1 minutes. The median household income was $41,042, median family income was $48,750, and per capita income was $16,923. Families below the poverty level was 0%.  Individuals below the poverty level were 4.2%.

Single-family owner-occupied homes was 41 with a median value of $81,400. The median of selected monthly owner costs with a mortgage was $781, not mortgaged was $233.

