==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 320
| 2010 = 267
| 2020 = 312
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Goodland racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1226775&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2022-02-12|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|289
|92.63%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.32%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|2
|0.64%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|6
|1.92%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|14
|4.49%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''312'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 312 people, 98 households, and 58 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 320 people, 186 households, and 88 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|1,512.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,497.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.56% of the population.

There were 186 households, out of which 8.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.2% were non-families. Of all households 41.4% were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.25.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 7.2% under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 33.1% from 45 to 64, and 32.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,739, and the median income for a family was $27,279. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $27,059 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,893.  About 13.0% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 28.1% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

