==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 242
|1910= 277
|1920= 314
|1930= 281
|1940= 277
|1950= 278
|1960= 287
|1970= 282
|1980= 282
|1990= 190
|2000= 199
|2010= 194
|2020= 165
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 194 people, 78 households, and 49 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|625.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 78 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 39.5 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.8% were from 25 to 44; 26.9% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 199 people, 84 households, and 50 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|642.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|309.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.01% of the population.

There were 84 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,115, and the median income for a family was $50,000. Males had a median income of $32,045 versus $25,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,060. About 4.5% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

