==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 463
|1910= 645
|1920= 725
|1930= 742
|1940= 734
|1950= 707
|1960= 664
|1970= 625
|1980= 570
|1990= 514
|2000= 422
|2010= 354
|2020= 368
|estyear=2022
|estimate=368
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 17, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 17, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 354 people, 179 households, and 91 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|931.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|652.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 179 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.2% were non-families. 45.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 30.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 51.3 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.1% were from 45 to 64; and 32.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 422 people, 214 households, and 123 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,335.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 251 housing units at an average density of {{convert|794.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.90% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.1% were non-families. 40.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.97 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.4% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 16.6% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 39.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,125, and the median income for a family was $29,643. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,904. About 7.7% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.

