==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 47
|2000= 102
|2010= 86
|2020= 25
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Covenant Life first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 102 people, 25 households, and 22 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3.9|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.5|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.12% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.98% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 3.92% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.98% from two or more races.

There were 25 households, out of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 84.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.0% were non-families. 4.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.08 and the average family size was 3.59.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 15.7% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 63.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,167, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,326. There were 4.5% of families and 15.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.5% of those over 64.

