==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|274
|1910|264
|1920|294
|1930|317
|1940|271
|1950|255
|1960|269
|1970|222
|1980|235
|1990|212
|2000|204
|2010|168
|2020|144
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[Census]],<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Woolstock_city,_Iowa?g=1600000US1987015 |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> the total population was 144 people. The population density was 135.8 people per square mile, spread over 1.06 miles. Of those 144 people, the median age was 43.5 years, with 20.7% of the town's population under the age of 18, 59.5% between the ages of 18 and 64, and 19.8% of the population over the age of 65. There were a total of 110 households, with an average of 1.3 people per household.

57% of the town's population was male, with 43% of the population female. The racial makeup of the town was 95.1% White, less than 1% African American, 3.4% mixed race, and 2% Hispanic.

The average income per capita of Woolstock was $52,517, which is higher than the state average, and the median household income was $68,750, 10% higher than the rest of the state. Only 3.7% of the town's population lives under the poverty line, which is far lower than the rest of the state.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Woolstock, IA |url=http://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US1987015-woolstock-ia/ |access-date=2022-12-06 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

53.9% of the population of the town is identified as currently married, but only 1.8% of women between the ages of 15 and 50 gave birth during that year, lower than the average in Iowa.

95.3% of the Woolstock population has received a high school degree, which is 2.8 percentage points higher than the rest of the state. Although Woolstock has a lower-than-average percentage of the population having received college degrees, with only 13.3% of the town's population have received college degrees compared to the state average of 30.5%.

7% of the town's population were veterans.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 168 people, 85 households, and 44 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|158.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 85 households, of which 16.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.2% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 26.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 204 people, 98 households, and 62 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|197.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|97.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.60.

Age spread:  16.2% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,479, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $28,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,599. About 1.7% of families and 4.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 2.3% of those 65 or over.

