==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 407
|1860= 1563
|1870= 282
|1880= 266
|1890= 268
|1900= 230
|1910= 229
|1920= 155
|1930= 184
|1940= 188
|1950= 208
|1960= 275
|1970= 264
|1980= 242
|1990= 286
|2000= 193
|2010= 228
|2020= 191
|estyear=2023
|estimate=195
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 228 people, 79 households, and 50 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1085.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|395.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 79 households, of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 40.5 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 193 people, 57 households, and 42 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,036.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|643.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.04% of the population.

There were 57 households, out of which 47.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 14.0% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 73.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 64.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,667, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $32,143 versus $21,023 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,318. About 9.3% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

