==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 121
|1940= 142
|1950= 134
|1960= 176
|1970= 128
|1980= 135
|1990= 92
|2000= 111
|2010= 134
|2020= 134
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 134 people, 67 households, and 33 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|343.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.5% from two or more races.

There were 67 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.7% were non-families. 50.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.3% male and 56.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 111 people, 53 households, and 28 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|291.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|159.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. 24.7% were of [[Germans|German]], 9.6% [[Finns|Finnish]], 9.6% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 8.2% [[Czechs|Czech]], 6.8% [[Slovaks|Slovak]] and 5.5% [[Italians|Italian]] ancestry.

There were 53 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.3% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 1.8% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 10.8% from 45 to 64, and 31.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,682. There were 3.7% of families and 14.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of under eighteens and 26.9% of those over 64.

