==Demographics==
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,081 people, 426 households, and 310 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|223.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 682 housing units at an average density of {{convert|141.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 94.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.61% of the population.<ref name="Census 2000">{{Cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3656968| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212135404/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3656968| url-status=dead| archive-date=2020-02-12| title= Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data (DP-1): Peconic CDP, New York| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=2013-01-07}}</ref>

There were 426 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.98.<ref name="Census 2000"/>

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 30.5% from 45 to 64, and 17.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.<ref name="Census 2000"/>

The median income for a household in the community was $52,368, and the median income for a family was $60,956. Males had a median income of $49,167 versus $45,769 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $24,343. About 1.5% of families and 3.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.6% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF3/DP3/1600000US3656968| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212092550/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF3/DP3/1600000US3656968| url-status=dead| archive-date=2020-02-12| title= Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: Census 2000 Summary File 3 (SF 3) 100-Percent Data (DP-1): Peconic CDP, New York| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=2013-01-07}}</ref>

