==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = right
| 1880 = 25
| 1890 = 221
| 1900 = 669
| 1910 = 700
| 1920 = 356
| 1930 = 465
| 1940 = 537
| 1950 = 417
| 1960 = 322
| 1970 = 292
| 1980 = 333
| 1990 = 247
| 2000 = 235
| 2010 = 215
| 2020 = 176
| 2020n = U.S. Census Bureau
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=April 2023|reason=No mention of Mill Shoals at the given link}}
}}

At the 2020 census,<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Mill_Shoals_village;_Illinois?g=160XX00US1749347 |access-date=May 13, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 176 people, a median household income of $51,731, 4.3% of the population held a bachelor's degree or Higher, 51% were employed, 97 total housing units, 3.5% without [[ObamaCare|healthcare coverage]], 70 families residing in the village, and 35 as the median age, 39 as the median age in Illinois.

===2020 Census Ancestry===
2.9% of the Village residents have [[Italian Americans|Italian]] Ancestry compared to the 5.3% of the state of Illinois. Ancestry of the Village of Mill Shoals is 9.8% [[Great Britain|English]], 38.2% [[Germany|German]], 20.8% [[Ireland|Irish]], 2.9% [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 1.2% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 11.6% [[Poland|Polish]], 0% [[Scotland|Scottish]], 0% [[Sub-Saharan Africa|Subs-saharan Africa]], and 0% [[France|French]].<ref name="GR2" />

===2020 Census Language Spoken at Home===
0% language other than English is spoken at home, compared to 23.3% in the state of Illinois.<ref name="GR2" />

===2020 Census Native and Foreign Born===
0% of the population of Mill Shoals is foreign born, compared to 14.2% in the state of Illinois.<ref name="GR2" />

===2020 Census Older Population===
30.1% of Mill Shoals residents are 65 years and older, compared to 16.6% of the state of Illinois. 19.1% are 65 to 74 years, 9.8% are 75 to 84 years, and 1.2% are 85 years and over.<ref name="GR2" />

'''2020 Census Mobility'''<ref name="GR2" />

3% of residents moved from a different state in the last year, compared to 1.6% in the state of Illinois

===2020 Census Veterans===
9.2% of residents are veterans, compared to 5% in the state of Illinois. All Mill Shoals veterans are male.<ref name="GR2" />

===2020 Census Income and Earning & Poverty===
$51,731 is the median household income, compared to $72,205 in the state of Illinois. 8.1% of residents are in poverty, compared to 12.1% in poverty for the state of Illinois. 14.8% of Mill Shoals Village poverty are residents under 18 years old, 6% ages 18 to 64, and 3.8% 65 years and over.<ref name="GR2" />

===2020 Census Education===
4.3% hold a bachelor's degree or higher, 37.1% hold a bachelor's degree or higher in the state of Illinois. 29.9% of the Village hold a high school or equivalent degree, 35% have some college and no degree, 22% hold an associate degree, and 4.3% hold a bachelor's degree.<ref name="GR2" />

===2000 Census===
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 235 people, 111 households, and 72 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|299.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|169.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.43% from two or more races.

There were 111 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 33.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,292, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,355. About 5.7% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.4% of those 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}
