==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1870 = 78
| 1880 = 829
| 1890 = 747
| 1900 = 970
| 1910 = 1288
| 1920 = 1140
| 1930 = 1114
| 1940 = 1149
| 1950 = 1275
| 1960 = 1276
| 1970 = 1284
| 1980 = 1408
| 1990 = 1037
| 2000 = 1055
| 2010 = 945
| 2020 = 805
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1718420 |access-date=2022-06-28 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 805 people, 464 households, and 290 families residing in the city. The population density was {{Convert|245.73|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 471 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|143.77|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 464 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.24% were married couples living together, 13.79% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.50% were non-families. 34.48% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 2.24.

The city's age distribution consisted of 25.2% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $47,857, and the median income for a family was $66,500. Males had a median income of $34,402 versus $35,302 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $26,409. About 7.9% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.

