==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 386
|1870= 573
|1880= 759
|1890= 965
|1900= 797
|1910= 721
|1920= 832
|1930= 974
|1940= 1083
|1950= 1148
|1960= 1310
|1970= 1452
|1980= 1743
|1990= 1539
|2000= 1471
|2010= 1460
|2020= 1475
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{failed verification|date=February 2022|reason=No mention of Ironton at the given link}} 2020<ref name="Census2020"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,460 people, 639 households, and 375 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1089.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 745 housing units at an average density of {{convert|556.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.71% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.51% of the population.

There were 639 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.3% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 41.9 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,471 people, 615 households, and 389 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,083.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 683 housing units at an average density of {{convert|502.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.61% of the population.

There were 615 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.7% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,808, and the median income for a family was $31,458. Males had a median income of $28,800 versus $18,162 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,710. About 17.4% of families and 22.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.1% of those under age 18 and 18.9% of those age 65 or over.

