==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 439
|1890= 423
|1900= 407
|1910= 371
|1920= 331
|1930= 373
|1940= 360
|1950= 360
|1960= 357
|1970= 427
|1980= 447
|1990= 357
|2000= 429
|2010= 301
|2020= 318
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 301 people, 107 households, and 77 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|304.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 41.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 42.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 429 people, 127 households, and 101 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|432.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 157 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 37.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 47.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 127 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 15.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.38 and the average family size was 3.69.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 38.5% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $31,750. Males had a median income of $28,462 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,394.  About 12.9% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

Vandalia Students are bussed to Cassopolis.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Cassopolis School District Lines |url=https://www.niche.com/k12/d/cassopolis-public-schools-mi/}}</ref>

