==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 202
|1970= 224
|1980= 267
|1990= 194
|2000= 243
|2010= 233
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 233 people, 94 households, and 66 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|541.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 42.4 years. 22.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 243 people, 93 households, and 75 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|562.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.82% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.3% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,167, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,994. About 7.4% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.0% of those 65 or over.

===Local attractions===

The Emma Indoor Raceway is located on the north side of [[Interstate 70 in Missouri|Interstate 70]], the raceway operates during the winter months as an indoor dirt track hosting Quad Bike TT racing and a dirt oval for kart racing. Races are typically held on Saturday evenings from October to February. Karts and Quads race on alternating weekends.{{citation needed|date=October 2019}}

The Tri-City Country Club is located west of the Emma Post Office, The Tri-City Country Club features an 9-hole golf course, as well as a pool.{{citation needed|date=October 2019}}

