==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 122
|1910= 300
|1920= 351
|1930= 477
|1940= 457
|1950= 500
|1960= 489
|1970= 515
|1980= 395
|1990= 388
|2000= 356
|2010= 310
|2020= 334
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 356 people, 143 households, and 76 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|7,302.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 160 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3,281.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White.

There were 143 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.2% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.86.

The borough median age of 40 years was the same as the county median age. The distribution by age group was 20.8% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 72.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,714, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $19,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,549. About 3.0% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

