==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 727
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 756 people, 371 households, and 208 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|420.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 371 households, out of which 19.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were married couples living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 20, 5.2% from 20 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 37.4% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,539, and the median income for a family was $62,708. Males had a median income of $32,750 versus $31,761 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $26,662. About 3.3% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.

===Housing===
There were 778 housing units at an average density of {{convert|432.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. 407 units, or 52.3%, were vacant, of which 351 were for seasonal or recreational use.

There were 371 occupied housing units in the CDP. 231 were owner-occupied units (61.3%), while 140 were renter-occupied (37.7%). The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.1% of total units. The rental unit vacancy rate was 18.1%.<ref name="GR2" />

