==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 473
|1930= 615
|1940= 693
|1950= 773
|1960= 843
|1970= 913
|1980= 1129
|1990= 1132
|2000= 1021
|2010= 1054
|2020= 864
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Ellerbe racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3720840&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 399
| 46.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 270
| 31.25%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 21
| 2.43%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 63
| 7.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 110
| 12.73%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 864 people, 398 households, and 284 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,021 people, 398 households, and 269 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|696.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 447 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 48.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 46.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.42% of the population.

There were 398 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 25.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,118, and the median income for a family was $29,091. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $16,544 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,327. About 27.9% of families and 29.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.9% of those under age 18 and 17.5% of those age 65 or over.

