==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 260
|1940= 287
|1950= 251
|1960= 248
|1970= 257
|1980= 269
|1990= 232
|2000= 160
|2010= 221
|2020= 238
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
At the 2020 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 221 people, 93 households and 57 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2455.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1144.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up of the town was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0% Minorities

There were 93 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 32.8 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.4% were from 25 to 44; 18.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The sex make-up of the town was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 160 people, 76 households and 44 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,747.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|906.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial make-up of the town was 100% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0% Minorities

There were 76 households, of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.76.

21.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $28,333 and the median family income was $35,833. Males had a median income of $31,667 and females $23,750. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,616. About 15.0% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

