==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
|1900= 200
|1910= 225
|1920= 176
|1930= 186
|1940= 181
|1950= 119
|1960= 132
|1970= 115
|1980= 101
|1990= 49
|2000= 69
|2010= 75
|2020= 76
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 69 people, 32 households, and 19 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|78.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|43.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 75.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.94% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.35% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,750, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,926. There were 12.5% of families and 8.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 21.1% of those over 64.

