==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 160
|1990= 218
|2000= 273
|2010= 214
|2020= 195
|estyear=2024
|estimate=196
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=September 2, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 214 people, 75 households, and 67 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1126.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 75 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 88.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.7% were non-families. 10.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 43.8% were from 45 to 64; and 4.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.9% male and 49.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 273 people, 78 households, and 73 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1522.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|435.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 62.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 87.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 6.4% were non-families. 3.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.50 and the average family size was 3.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.5% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 0.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $67,813, and the median income for a family was $68,438. Males had a median income of $42,917 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,611. None of the families and 1.6% of the population were living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]].

