==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 40
|1980= 55
|1990= 67
|2000= 30
|2010= 90
|2020= 154
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 90 people, 17 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|450.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town is 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 17 households, out of which 11.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.76, and the average family size was 2.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 6.7% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 36.7% from 45 to 64, and 30.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $25,313. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,848. 15.4% of families and 31.0% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under 18 and none of those aged 64 and over.

