==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 215
|1880= 970
|1890= 215
|1900= 199
|1910= 266
|1920= 307
|1930= 227
|1940= 229
|1950= 246
|1960= 196
|1970= 158
|1980= 160
|1990= 106
|2000= 193
|2010= 165
|2020= 177
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 193 people, 75 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|718.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|309.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.12% [[White American|White]], 5.70% [[African American]], 0.52% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 1.55% [[Asian American|Asian]], 1.04% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#Race|other races]], and 2.07% from [[Multiracial American|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 1.55% of the population.

There were 75 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.22.

The age distribution was 29.0% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 124.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,906, and the median income for a family was $30,250. Males had a median income of $25,000 versus $29,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,679. About 9.8% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 40.0% of those 65 or over.

