==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 81
|1830= 157
|1840= 262
|1850= 393
|1860= 799
|1870= 753
|1880= 861
|1890= 1031
|1900= 1801
|1910= 2562
|1920= 2394
|1930= 2317
|1940= 2442
|1950= 2410
|1960= 1956
|1970= 3239
|1980= 3145
|1990= 2832
|2000= 2598
|2010= 2384
|2020= 2210
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,384 people, 1,054 households, and 617 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1180.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|617.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 1,054 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the village was 45.9 years. 21.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 26.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,598 people, 1,127 households, and 726 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,271.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|620.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 1,127 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 32.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 81.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,682, and the median income for a family was $33,500. Males had a median income of $35,964 versus $18,036 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,816. About 12.4% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.5% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

