==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 265
|1940= 317
|1950= 882
|1960= 1025
|1970= 1032
|1980= 963
|1990= 852
|2000= 971
|2010= 1005
|2020= 1009
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=March 21, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210321050514/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=August 31, 2004|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20040831013711/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 971 people, 324 households, and 268 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|5,350.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 328 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,807.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.09% of the population.

There were 324 households, out of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.0% were non-families. 15.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $123,199, and the median income for a family was $142,088. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $46,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $57,050. About 0.7% of families and 1.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.

