==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 855
|1930= 514
|1940= 566
|1950= 525
|1960= 434
|1970= 468
|1980= 486
|1990= 393
|2000= 412
|2010= 432
|2020= 404
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 432 people, 185 households, and 113 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|293.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 242 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 185 households, of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 412 people, 179 households, and 119 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|277.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.21% of the population. 47.4% were of [[Germans|German]], 13.5% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 6.2% [[French people|French]], 5.9% [[Irish people|Irish]], 5.3% [[Finns|Finnish]] and 5.3% [[Swedish people|Swedish]].

There were 179 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 27.9% of all households was made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,719, and the median income for a family was $33,611. Males had a median income of $26,023 versus $19,063 for females.   About 17.2% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.8% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

