==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 132
|1950= 180
|1960= 314
|1970= 437
|1980= 255
|1990= 238
|2000= 254
|2010= 188
|2020= 191
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Bellerive Acres, Missouri – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Bellerive Acres village, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2904240&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Bellerive Acres village, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2904240&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Bellerive Acres city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2904248&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!{{partial|% 2020}}
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|154
|103
|style='background: #ffffe6; |98
|61.42%
|54.79%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |51.31%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|84
|81
|style='background: #ffffe6; |84
|33.07%
|43.09%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |43.98%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|3
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|1.18%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|4
|4
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3
|1.57%
|2.13%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.57%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|7
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |6
|2.76%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.14%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''254'''
|'''188'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''191'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 188 people, 82 households, and 63 families living in the then-village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|569.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 87 housing units at an average density of {{convert|263.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 54.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 43.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.1% from two or more races.

There were 82 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.2% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 54.2 years. 16% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.7% were from 25 to 44; 46.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 254 people, 96 households, and 79 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|713.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 62.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.76% of the population.

There were 96 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.7% were non-families. 17.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 17.7% from 25 to 44, 38.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $87,400, and the median income for a family was $93,906. Males had a median income of $80,575 versus $44,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $42,336. About 2.9% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

