==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 252
| 1900 = 186
| 1910 = 170
| 1920 = 215
| 1930 = 311
| 1940 = 114
| 1950 = 100
| 1960 = 75
| 1970 = 36
| 1980 = 43
| 1990 = 26
| 2000 = 27
| 2010 = 7
| 2020 = 10
| footnote = source:<ref>Moffatt, Riley. ''Population History of Western U.S. Cities & Towns, 1850-1990''. [[Lanham, Maryland|Lanham]]: Scarecrow, 1996, 91.</ref><ref name=srcens10id>{{cite web|url=http://data.spokesman.com/census/2010/idaho/cities/clayton-id/|publisher=Spokesman.com|title=2010 census: Idaho > Clayton|accessdate=December 3, 2012|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150701070535/http://data.spokesman.com/census/2010/idaho/cities/clayton-id/|archive-date=July 1, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 7 people, 4 households, and 2 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|700.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1800.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 4 households, of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.75 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 57.5 years. 14.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 14.3% were from 45 to 64; and 42.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.1% male and 42.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 27 people, 12 households, and 6 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,105.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,793.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 12 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 7.4% from 25 to 44, 51.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $50,625, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,996. There were no families and 15.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

