==Demographics==

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census, there were 565 people.

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
|1870= 266
|1880= 289
|1890= 228
|1900= 256
|1910= 250
|1920= 274
|1930= 248
|1940= 300
|1950= 292
|1960= 268
|1970= 390
|1980= 416
|1990= 295
|2000= 350
|2010= 513
|2020= 565
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 350 people, 138 households and 85 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|423.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 159 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.71% from two or more races.

There were 138 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.22.

The age distribution was 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $27,361 and the median family income was $37,500. Males had a median income of $28,438 and females $14,038. The [[per capita income]] was $13,554. About 6.1% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.

