==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 100 people, 47 households, and 25 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 6.2 people per square mile (2.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 86 housing units at an average density of 5.4/sq&nbsp;mi (2.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.00% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.7% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 46.0% from 45 to 64, and 4.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,063, and the median income for a family was $63,214. Males had a median income of $26,719 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,248. There were no families and 10.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

