==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 621
|1960= 1428
|1970= 2298
|1980= 1374
|1990= 1111
|2000= 840
|2010= 834
|2020= 860
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Edmundson city, Missouri – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Edmundson city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US2921376&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Edmundson city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2921376&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Edmundson city, Missouri|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US2921376&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|599
|453
|style='background: #ffffe6; |325
|71.31%
|54.32%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |37.79%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|158
|220
|style='background: #ffffe6; |290
|18.81%
|26.38%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |33.72%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|4
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.48%
|0.60%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|10
|13
|style='background: #ffffe6; |14
|1.19%
|1.56%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.63%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|5
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.60%
|0.12%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |9
|0.00%
|0.12%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.05%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|17
|41
|style='background: #ffffe6; |70
|2.02%
|4.92%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |8.14%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|47
|100
|style='background: #ffffe6; |152
|5.60%
|11.99%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |17.67%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''840'''
|'''834'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''860 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|} 

As of the 2020 census, there were 860 people and 397 households living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 42.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (37.8% non-Hispanic white), 44.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 10.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 11.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.7% of the population.<ref name ="2020 Census"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 834 people, 310 households, and 197 families living in the city.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|3207.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 345 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1326.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 56.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (54.3% non-Hispanic white), 26.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 8.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.0% of the population.

There were 310 households, of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.37.

The median age in the city was 30.1 years. 31.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.5% were from 25 to 44; 19.6% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.
{{clear}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 840 people, 330 households, and 211 families living in the city.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|3,018|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 356 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,279.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 73.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.60% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.60% of the population.

There were 330 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,083, and the median income for a family was $39,531. Males had a median income of $29,417 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,123. About 20.6% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.5% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

