==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 175
|1900= 181
|1910= 518
|1920= 466
|1930= 477
|1940= 377
|1950= 341
|1960= 243
|1970= 158
|1980= 111
|1990= 96
|2000= 109
|2010= 77
|2020= 58
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 58 people, 28 households, and 20 families in Englewood.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 51.4 per square mile (19.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 55 housing units at an average density of 48.8 per square mile (18.8/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 86.21% (50) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (84.48% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 5.17% (3) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.62% (5) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 3.45% (2) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 28 households, 25.0% had children under the age of 18; 53.6% were married couples living together; 28.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 25.0% of households consisted of individuals and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.0 and the average family size was 2.3.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 0.0% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

12.1% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 12.1% from 25 to 44, 29.3% from 45 to 64, and 39.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 88.9 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $45,417 (with a margin of error of +/- $37,302) and the median family income was $47,083 (+/- $36,656).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $46,607 (+/- $2,285) versus $8,958 (+/- $4,633) for females.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 27.3% of families and 21.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under the age of 18 and 29.4% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Englewood%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 77 people, 40 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|76.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|67.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 88.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 10.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.4% of the population.

There were 40 households, of which 15.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 45.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 53.5 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.4% were from 45 to 64; and 32.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.7% male and 40.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 109 people, 49 households, and 29 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|108.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.42% of the population.

There were 49 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.8% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 131.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,744. There were 13.3% of families and 30.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 66.7% of under eighteens and 6.5% of those over 64.

