==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 114
|1910= 179
|1920= 164
|1930= 156
|1940= 170
|1950= 197
|1960= 207
|1970= 188
|1980= 166
|1990= 163
|2000= 86
|2010= 110
|2020= 55
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 110 people, 43 households, and 27 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|261.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|204.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 8.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|last=|first=|date=|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 11, 2020}}</ref>

There were 43 households, out of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.4% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 33.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $29,063. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $46,922. There were no families and 8.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 16.0% of those over 64.

