==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 265
| 2010 = 308
| 2020 = 439
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 265 people, 103 households, and 66 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 332.2 people per square mile (127.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 186 housing units at an average density of 233.2/sq&nbsp;mi (89.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.38% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.64% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.0% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,063, and the median income for a family was $38,906. Males had a median income of $37,708 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,415. None of the families and 9.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

