==Demographics==

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Impact racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4835816&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|11
|50.0%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|4.55%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|2
|9.09%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|8
|36.36%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''22'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 22 people, 13 households, and 9 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1970 = 61
| 1980 = 54
| 1990 = 25
| 2000 = 39
| 2010 = 35
| 2020 = 22
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 39 people, 14 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|450.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 58.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 30.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 64.10% of the population.

There were 14 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the village the population was spread out, with 35.9% under the age of 18, 15.4% from 18 to 24, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 129.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $12,488. There were 30.0% of families and 36.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 28.6% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

