==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 966
|1890= 624
|1900= 881
|1910= 873
|1920= 750
|1930= 953
|1940= 1043
|1950= 963
|1960= 847
|1970= 664
|1980= 748
|1990= 775
|2000= 624
|2010= 605
|2020= 479
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 479 people, 220 households, and 135 families residing in the city. The population density was {{Convert|382.89|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 263 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|210.23|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.46% of the population.

There were 220 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.27% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.64% were non-families. 21.82% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.09% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.21 and the average family size was 2.68.

The city's age distribution consisted of 22.9% under the age of 18, 13.9% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $48,500, and the median income for a family was $56,250. Males had a median income of $40,781 versus $21,136 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,423. About 5.2% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 21.3% of those age 65 or over.

