==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 27
|2010= 30
|2020= 12
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tolsona first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 27 people, 9 households, and 5 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.19% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 11.11% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 3.70% from two or more races. 3.70% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 9 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were married couples living together, and 44.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 4.20.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 37.0% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, . The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 285.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 142.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $11,250, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,000. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

