==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 413
| 1940 = 469
| 1950 = 526
| 1960 = 506
| 1970 = 569
| 1980 = 585
| 1990 = 590
| 2000 = 510
| 2010 = 564
| 2020 = 537
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 564 people, 251 households, and 143 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|547.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|267.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 251 households, of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.0% were non-families. 39.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 510 people, 216 households, and 139 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 576.8 people per square mile (223.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 221 housing units at an average density of 249.9 per square mile (97.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.39% from two or more races. 0.98% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 216 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $34,750. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $21,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,262. About 11.7% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

