==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 258
|1910= 609
|1920= 944
|1930= 1177
|1940= 1037
|1950= 1063
|1960= 956
|1970= 937
|1980= 997
|1990= 892
|2000= 879
|2010= 747
|2020= 752
|estyear=2021
|estimate=723
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 747 people, 322 households, and 200 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1464.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|768.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 322 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.1% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 25.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 879 people, 373 households, and 236 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,768.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 412 housing units at an average density of {{convert|829.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.34% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.71% of the population.

There were 373 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 30.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $30,667, and the median income for a family was $38,942. Males had a median income of $24,397 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,844. About 11.4% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.5% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

