==Demographics==
{{US Census population  
|1910= 608  
|1920= 506  
|1930= 596  
|1940= 586  
|1950= 880  
|1960= 966  
|1970= 1188  
|1980= 1134  
|1990= 1047  
|2000= 988  
|2010= 944  
|2020= 935  
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>}}

As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 988 people, 446 households, and 300 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|857.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 490 housing units at an average density of {{convert|425.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was:  
* 89.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]  
* 10.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]  
* 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]  
* 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]  
* 0.10% from two or more races

[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race made up 0.40% of the population.

===Households and families===
Of the 446 households:  
* 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them.  
* 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together.  
* 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present.  
* 32.7% were non-families.

Additionally, 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22, and the average family size was 2.73.

===Population distribution===
The population was distributed as follows:  
* 19.4% under the age of 18  
* 6.4% aged 18 to 24  
* 24.9% aged 25 to 44  
* 26.8% aged 45 to 64  
* 22.5% aged 65 or older

The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

===Income and poverty===
The median income for a household in the town was $27,639, and the median income for a family was $39,643. Males had a median income of $29,018 compared to $17,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,746.

Approximately:  
* 11.3% of families  
* 12.7% of the population

were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those aged 65 or over.

