==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 293
|1870= 1063
|1880= 1084
|1890= 897
|1900= 886
|1910= 817
|1920= 1018
|1930= 878
|1940= 895
|1950= 973
|1960= 1186
|1970= 1175
|1980= 1086
|1990= 1030
|2000= 695
|2010= 1015
|2020= 928
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,015 people, 397 households, and 271 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|845.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 432 housing units at an average density of {{convert|360.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.1% of the population.

There were 397 households, of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.7% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the town was 35.7 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 695 people, 260 households, and 187 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|759.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|297.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.47% of the population.

There were 260 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,188, and the median income for a family was $42,361. Males had a median income of $30,682 versus $22,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,436. About 9.4% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

