==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1970 = 377
| 1980 = 409
| 1990 = 367
| 2000 = 440
| 2010 = 409
| 2020 = 342
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Windthorst, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Windthorst%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 10, 2024}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 509
people, 154 households, and 119 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|175.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|64.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 14.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.82% from two or more races. 23.41% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 154 households, out of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.34.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $37,708, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $17,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,146. About 6.5% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

