==Demographics==
{{update|section|updated=January 31, 2008|date=January 2026}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 158 people, 50 households, and 36 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 191.6 people per square mile (74.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 63 housing units at an average density of 76.4/sq&nbsp;mi (29.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.43% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.80% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.63% of the population.

There were 50 households, out of which 42.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 22.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 3.81.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 38.6% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 6.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,821, and the median income for a family was $24,821. Males had a median income of $17,000 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,450. Most of the population or families were below the poverty line.

