==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 286
|1970= 448
|1980= 612
|1990= 577
|2000= 516
|2010= 499
|2020= 326
|estyear=2024
|estimate=316
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Clarence racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2215745&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 69
| 21.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 239
| 73.31%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 3
| 0.92%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 13
| 3.99%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 2
| 0.61%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 326 people, 131 households, and 58 families residing in the village.

===2010 census===
At the 2010 census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=U.S. Census website|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 15, 2011}}</ref>
, there were 499 people, 186 households and 136 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|311.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|127.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 23.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 75.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 186 households, of which 36% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.1% were married couples living together, 30.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 22% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.13.

Age distribution was 29.1% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 28% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> The median household income was $25,278, and the median family income was $25,694. Males had a median income of $24,375 versus $17,841 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,360. About 27.9% of families and 28.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.9% of those under age 18 and 40.0% of those age 65 or over.

