==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 240
|1920= 289
|1930= 312
|1940= 416
|1950= 372
|1960= 374
|1970= 364
|1980= 353
|1990= 299
|2000= 319
|2010= 268
|2020= 234
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 268 people, 144 households, and 121 occupied houses in the town. As of the [[census]] of 2000, the population density was {{convert|403.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|179.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.45% of the population.

There were 128 households, out of which 26.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.92.

As of the [[census]] of 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $40,114 versus $22,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,485. About 8.9% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.4% of those under age 18 and 20.8% of those age 65 or over.

