==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 153
|1880= 464
|1890= 440
|1900= 475
|1910= 564
|1920= 528
|1930= 570
|1940= 579
|1950= 526
|1960= 490
|1970= 420
|1980= 562
|1990= 645
|2000= 688
|2010= 666
|2020= 749
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 688 people, 206 households, and 172 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|718.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 219 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.18% of the population.

There were 206 households, out of which 47.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.5% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.34, and the average family size was 3.78.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.5% under 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.5 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 100.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,592, and the median income for a family was $42,171. Males had a median income of $32,344 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,626. None of the families and 0.7% of the population lived below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 7.2% of those over 64.

