==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1880= 174
|1890= 176
|1900= 154
|1910= 121
|1920= 91
|1930= 102
|1940= 105
|1950= 73
|1960= 83
|1970= 100
|1980= 87
|1990= 65
|2000= 85
|2010= 67
|2020= 80
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 March 2022}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were eighty-five people, thirty-one households and twenty-four families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|463.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

There were thirty-five housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.29% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.71% from two or more races.

Of the thirty-one households, 35.5% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 67.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.4% were non-families. 12.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of eighteen, 4.7% from eighteen to twenty-four, 28.2% from twenty-five to forty-four, 20.0% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 18.8% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-six years.

For every one hundred females there were 102.4 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $23,958 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,542.

There were no families and 2.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteen and none of those over sixty-four.

