==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1882
|1890= 1968
|1900= 1925
|1910= 2018
|1920= 1939
|1930= 1811
|1940= 1778
|1950= 1602
|1960= 1433
|1970= 1331
|1980= 1181
|1990= 1244
|2000= 1303
|2010= 1211
|2020= 1229
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

Census data shows that as of 2021,<ref>{{cite web |last1=Census Report |title=Census profile: Hawley, PA |url=https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US4233200-hawley-pa/ |access-date=May 22, 2023}}</ref> there were 1,176 people, 539 households, and 611 housing units in Hawley. 53% of the population was female and 47% male. The racial makeup of the borough was 77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19% of the population. 4% of the population was foreign born, with 91% coming from Latin America, and 9% from Europe. 39% of the population was married and 61% single.

There were 539 households, out of which 44% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22% had a female householder, 9% male householder, and 25% were non-families. The average household size was 2.2. Of the 611 housing units, 88% were occupied and 50% owner-occupied. 60% of the housing units were single unit, 36% multi-unit, and 4% mobile home. The median value of owner-occupied housing units was $145,900 - about 75% of the county and state median.

The median age of borough residents was 46.1, about 10% higher than the state median. 12% of residents were under the age of 18, 69% from 18 to 64, and 19% were 65 years of age or older.

The median household income in the borough was $41,385, while per capita income was $24,582, both below the state medians.  19.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22% of those under age 18 and 13% of those age 65 or over. 88.4% had a high school degree or better, and 19.7% had a bachelor's degree or better.

