==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1860= 305
|1870= 272
|1880= 301
|1890= 261
|1900= 279
|1910= 273
|1920= 236
|1930= 226
|1940= 296
|1950= 325
|1960= 358
|1970= 426
|1980= 739
|1990= 974
|2000= 1146
|2010= 1077
|2020= 1177
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,077 people, 434 households, and 299 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|387.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 491 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 65.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 28.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.3% of the population.

There were 434 households, of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 39.5 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,146 people, 425 households, and 328 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,387.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 450 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 72.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.62% of the population.

There were 425 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The [[median]] age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $42,188. Males had a median income of $30,398 versus $26,302 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,451. About 9.6% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.9% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

