==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 383
| 1890 = 448
| 1900 = 342
| 1910 = 328
| 1920 = 379
| 1930 = 361
| 1940 = 403
| 1950 = 419
| 1960 = 342
| 1970 = 274
| 1980 = 217
| 1990 = 227
| 2000 = 240
| 2010 = 318
| 2020 = 300
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 318 people, 119 households, and 82 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2446.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1038.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 119 households, of which: 46.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them; 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together; 21.0% had a female householder with no husband present; 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present; and, 31.1% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67, and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 31.2 years. 29.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.4% were from 25 to 44; 20.1% were from 45 to 64; and 8.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 240 people, 88 households, and 65 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|772.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|816.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 3.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 88 households, of which 43.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.6% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $49,375, and the median income for a family was $46,563. Males had a median income of $31,042 versus $21,985 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,772. About 2.8% of families and 5.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.7% of those 65 or over.

