==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 730
|2000= 632
|2020= 711
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web
  |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html
  |title=Census of Population and Housing (1790–2000)
  |publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]
  |accessdate=August 7, 2010}}</ref>
}}
{| class="wikitable sortable collapsible" style="font-size: 90%;"
|-
! Languages (2000) <ref>{{Cite web|url=https://apps.mla.org/cgi-shl/docstudio/docs.pl?map_data_results|title=Data Center Results}}</ref> !! Percent 
|-
| Spoke [[Hopi language|Hopi]] at home || 84.1%
|-
| Spoke [[English language|English]] at home || 15.9%
|}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 632 people, 163 households, and 134 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|374.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 98.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.5% from two or more races.  0.5% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 163 households, out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 41.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.2% were non-families. 16.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.88 and the average family size was 4.27.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $13,000, and the median income for a family was $12,159. Males had a median income of $29,306 versus $24,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $5,813.  About 51.1% of families and 55.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 70.0% of those under age 18 and 43.2% of those age 65 or over.

