==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 121
|1930= 289
|1940= 356
|1950= 424
|1960= 458
|1970= 505
|1980= 723
|1990= 577
|2000= 664
|2010= 1028
|2020= 1277
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Stedman racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3764840&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 23, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 939
| 73.53%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 129
| 10.1%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 15
| 1.17%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 0.63%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 105
| 8.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 81
| 6.34%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,277 people, 501 households, and 329 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 664 people, 261 households, and 196 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|484.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 286 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.41% of the population.

There were 261 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.9% were non-families. 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $47,321, and the median income for a family was $55,294. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,233. About 4.3% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

