==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|2000= 1225
|2010= 
|2020= 2700
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-48.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusVA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - Virginia|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020
}}

Weyers Cave was first listed as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2000 U.S. census]].<ref name=2000CensusVA/>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,225 people, 462 households, and 354 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 185.1 people per square mile (71.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 490 housing units at an average density of 74.1/sq&nbsp;mi (28.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.98% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.73% of the population.

There were 462 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 30.4% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 104.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $39,833, and the median income for a family was $42,457. Males had a median income of $31,299 versus $22,132 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,837. About 12.0% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.

===2010===
As of the [[United States Census|census]] of 2010,<ref name="GR8" /> there were 2,473 people, and 910 households residing in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.5% of the population.

