==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1950 = 294
| 1960 = 101
| 1970 = 119
| 1980 = 182
| 1990 = 203
| 2000 = 166
| 2010 = 123
| 2020 = 123
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 1, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 123 people, 3 households, and 6 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|733.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 63 households, of which 7.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.36.

The median age in the city was 58.3 years. 10.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.5% were from 25 to 44; 37.4% were from 45 to 64; and 37.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 166 people, 72 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|951.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|670.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.61% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 9.04% from two or more races.

There were 72 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $37,750. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,077. About 8.8% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.1% of those 65 or over.

