==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 113
|1910= 111
|1920= 124
|1930= 106
|1940= 113
|1950= 109
|1960= 138
|1970= 136
|1980= 109
|1990= 84
|2000= 67
|2010= 65
|2020= 56
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 67 people, 30 households, and 21 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|88.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|49.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 28.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 30 households, out of which 20.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.68.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.9% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 37.3% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,313, and the median income for a family was $21,875. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,834. There were 28.6% of families and 23.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 46.7% of those over 64.

