==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=303
|2020=309
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Princeton first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Princeton had a population of 309. The population density was {{convert|211.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Princeton was 208 (67.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 10 (3.2%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.3%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 63 (20.4%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 27 (8.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 93 persons (30.1%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Princeton CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0658758 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 122 households, out of which 41 (33.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 64 (52.5%) were married-couple households, 6 (4.9%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 26 (21.3%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 26 (21.3%) had a male householder with no partner present. 33 households (27.0%) were one person, and 21 (17.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.53.<ref name=DP1/> There were 83 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (68.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Princeton CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0658758 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 31, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 58 people (18.8%) under the age of 18, 31 people (10.0%) aged 18 to 24, 64 people (20.7%) aged 25 to 44, 98 people (31.7%) aged 45 to 64, and 58 people (18.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 45.5{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 116.1 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|101.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 122 (82.4%) were occupied. Of these, 77 (63.1%) were owner-occupied, and 45 (36.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

