==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 118
|1940= 148
|1950= 119
|1960= 111
|1970= 89
|1980= 95
|1990= 81
|2000= 61
|2010= 68
|2020= 60
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 68 people, 29 households, and 18 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|64.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 29 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.8% male and 41.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 61 people, 27 households, and 16 families residing in Kenneth. The population density was {{convert|57.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|27.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.64% from two or more races.

There were 27 households, out of which 14.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the city, the [[Population (human biology)|population]] was spread out, with 18.0% under the age of 18, 19.7% from 18 to 24, 13.1% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $13,125 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,078. None of the families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of 18 or 65 and older.

