==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 292
|1900= 324
|1910= 339
|1920= 394
|1930= 392
|1940= 391
|1950= 460
|1960= 620
|1970= 745
|1980= 1008
|1990= 1182
|2000= 1707
|2010= 1950
|2020= 2071
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 2071 people, 799 households, and 767 families living in the village. The median age in Eagle was 41. The racial makeup was 92.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], 5.12% were two ore more. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.62% of the population.<ref name=":2020">{{cite web |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Eagle_village,_Wisconsin?g=160XX00US5521425#populations-and-people |title=Eagle village, Wisconsin |website=United States Census Bureau |access-date=January 23, 2025}}</ref>

The Median household income was $109,545 compared to the median household income in the state of $74,631. Families had a median income of $116,094. 72.5% of the population was employed at the time of the census.<ref name=":2020" />

27% of the population had a bachelor's degree or higher. 35.6% had a high school or equivalent degree.<ref name=":2020" />

===2010 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,950 people, 684 households, and 536 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1466.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 704 housing units at an average density of {{convert|529.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 684 households, of which 45.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.6% were non-families. 18.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the village was 35.3 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 7.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 Census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,707 people, 592 households, and 468 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,346.5 people per square mile (519.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 605 housing units at an average density of 477.2 per square mile (183.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.49% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. 3.05% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 592 households, out of which 46.5% had children under the age of 30 living with them, 71.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 17.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 38.0% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $58,207, and the median income for a family was $62,500. Males had a median income of $41,711 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,975. About 1.4% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.

