==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 252
| 1920 = 323
| 1930 = 287
| 1940 = 233
| 1950 = 235
| 1960 = 240
| 1970 = 220
| 1980 = 294
| 1990 = 311
| 2000 = 319
| 2010 = 283
| 2020 = 256
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 237
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 319 people, 124 households, and 93 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|315.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|136.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.12% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 1.88% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]].

There were 124 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $39,688. Males had a median income of $28,571 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,729. About 10.8% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

