==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 104
|1940= 146
|1950= 245
|1960= 344
|1970= 148
|1980= 354
|1990= 278
|2000= 338
|2010= 321
|2020= 380
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Kwigillingok first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as Quigillingok,<ref>{{cite web |title=Population of Outlying Possessions by Civil Divisions: 1920 and earlier years |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41084484v1ch5.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1920 |pages=680 & 681}}</ref> an unincorporated native village. It did not appear on the 1930 census, but was returned as "Quigilinook" in 1940.<ref>{{cite web |title=Alaska - Number of Inhabitants |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/33973538v1ch11.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1940}}</ref> In 1950, the name was changed to the present spelling of Kwigillingok. It was made a census-designated place in 1980.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 388 people, 96 households, and 89 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|16.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 78 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.63% Native American, 2.07% White and 0.30% from two or more races.

There were 96 households, out of which 60.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.0% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.6% were non-families. 6.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.63 and the average family size was 4.89.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.9% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 14.2% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 131.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $50,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,577. About 28.8% of families and 34.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

