==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 469
|2010= 552
|2020= 596
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 552 people, 282 households, and 209 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|55.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,315 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 282 households, of which 8.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.3% were married couples living together, 1.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.9% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.23.

The median age in the village was 64.5 years. 6.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 6.1% were from 25 to 44; 38.6% were from 45 to 64; and 47.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 469 people, 222 households, and 172 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|52.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,077 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 222 households, out of which 9.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.2% were married couples living together, 0.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.1% were non-families. 16.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.31.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 9.0% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 11.1% from 25 to 44, 49.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $65,833, and the median income for a family was $70,156. Males had a median income of $51,875 versus $35,000 for females. The per capita income for the village was $40,434. About 0.6% of families and 1.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under age 18 and 3.0% of those age 65 or over.

