==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 140
|1940= 149
|1950= 132
|1960= 110
|1970= 61
|1980= 62
|1990= 38
|2000= 28
|2010= 38
|2020= 41
|estyear=2022
|estimate=38
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 17, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 17, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 17, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 38 people, 17 households, and 10 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|475.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 17 households, of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 41.2% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 50 years. 23.7% of residents were under 18; 2.6% were between 18 and 24; 15.8% were from 25 to 44; 36.9% were from 45 to 64, and 21.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.9% male and 42.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 28 people, 15 households, and 7 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|386.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|386.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 15 households, out of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 53.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.43.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 7.1% under the age of 18, 17.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 46.4% from 45 to 64, and 3.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 133.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 160.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,500, and the median income for a family was $26,000. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $8,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,109. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

