==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 277
|1910= 203
|1920= 189
|1930= 173
|1940= 179
|1950= 204
|1960= 195
|1970= 196
|1980= 196
|1990= 134
|2000= 110
|2010= 130
|2020= 121
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2020, there were 121 people, 64 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,359.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|662.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.03% of the population.

There were 64 households, out of which 14.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 64.8% were non-families. 54.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 39.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 3.45.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.0% under the age of 18, 12.6% from 18 to 24, 16.5% from 25 to 44, 34.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $68,428, and the median income for a family was $145,288. Males had a median income of $70,625 versus $21,923 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $31,701. There were no families and 11.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 39.4% of those over 65.

