==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 245
|1910= 386
|1920= 536
|1930= 504
|1940= 580
|1950= 507
|1960= 429
|1970= 455
|1980= 428
|1990= 419
|2000= 388
|2010= 366
|2020= 319
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 366 people, 158 households, and 99 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|563.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|269.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.5% of the population.

There were 158 households, of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 43.3 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 388 people, 163 households, and 110 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|597.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|278.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.80% of the population.

There were 163 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.5% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,571, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $21,071 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,285.  About 6.4% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.3% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

