==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1710
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,422 people, 553 households, and 419 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 11.8 people per square mile (4.6/km{{sup|2}}). There were 610 housing units at an average density of 5.1 per square mile (2.05/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 8.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.37% of the population.

There were 553 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 17 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.1% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $46,803, and the median income for a family was $46,625. Males had a median income of $31,574 versus $29,038 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,940. About 8.4% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

[[Wovoka]], also known as Jack Wilson, a Northern Paiute religious leader who founded the [[Ghost Dance movement]] of 1890, was born and raised in Smith Valley.

