==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 309
|2020= 266
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Hat Creek had a population of 266. The population density was {{convert|5.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Hat Creek was 183 (68.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 37 (13.9%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (0.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 5 (1.9%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 21 (7.9%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 18 (6.8%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 30 persons (11.3%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Hat Creek CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0632408 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The census reported that 95.5% of the population lived in households, 12 people (4.5%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 106 households, out of which 27 (25.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 38 (35.8%) were married-couple households, 8 (7.5%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 29 (27.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 31 (29.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 36 households (34.0%) were one person, and 19 (17.9%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.4.<ref name=DP1/> There were 66 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (62.3% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Hat Creek CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0632408 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 48 people (18.0%) under the age of 18, 24 people (9.0%) aged 18 to 24, 38 people (14.3%) aged 25 to 44, 66 people (24.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 90 people (33.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 53.7{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 123.5 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 106 (63.9%) were occupied. Of these, 66 (62.3%) were owner-occupied, and 40 (37.7%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

