==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 438
|1970= 576
|1980= 918
|1990= 927
|2000= 871
|2010= 865
|2020= 909
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 871 people, 412 households, and 281 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|3,065.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 431 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,517.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.46% from two or more races.

There were 412 households, out of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.58.

Bellemeade has a commission form of government.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.5% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 34.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 53 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $54,375, and the median income for a family was $66,477. Males had a median income of $48,269 versus $32,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $31,651. About 1.4% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over.

