==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 300
|1990= 343
|2000= 286
|2010= 363
|2020= 544
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 363 people, 154 households, and 96 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|250.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 375 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 154 households, of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.7% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the village was 37.5 years. 25.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.9% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 286 people, 113 households, and 76 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 484.5 people per square mile (187.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 128 housing units at an aver had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,464, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $26,932 versus $16,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,005. About 1.4% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.4% of those 65 or over.

