==Demographics==
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 80 people, 33 households and 22 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 3.9 per square mile (1.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 99 housing units at an average density of 4.8/sq&nbsp;mi (1.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 6.25% from two or more races.

There were 33 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 21.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.91.

17.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 38.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $26,071 and the median family income was $27,321. Males had a median income of $62,321 compared with $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,046. There were no families and 9.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

