==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 278
|1900= 285
|1910= 246
|1920= 250
|1930= 253
|1940= 293
|1950= 300
|1960= 348
|1970= 525
|1980= 753
|1990= 799
|2000= 890
|2010= 1170
|2020= 1268
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,170 people, 441 households, and 317 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1008.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 485 housing units at an average density of {{convert|418.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 441 households, of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.1% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.12.

The median age in the city was 33.2 years. 30.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 20.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 890 people, 360 households, and 249 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|868.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 390 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 360 households, out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 16.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,944, and the median income for a family was $42,404. Males had a median income of $37,583 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,051. About 3.5% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.3% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.

