==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 387
|1900= 332
|1910= 447
|1920= 432
|1930= 421
|1940= 369
|1950= 317
|1960= 257
|1970= 225
|1980= 255
|1990= 224
|2000= 216
|2010= 177
|2020= 148
|estyear=2021
|estimate=142
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 177 people, 82 households, and 44 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|442.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 82 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.3% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the village was 43.3 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.1% male and 55.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 216 people, 99 households, and 53 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|539.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 99 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $22,083, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $17,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,988. About 20.4% of families and 25.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.6% of those under the age of 18 and 31.0% of those 65 or over.

