==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 251
|1900= 341
|1910= 397
|1920= 491
|1930= 452
|1940= 477
|1950= 345
|1960= 370
|1970= 457
|1980= 564
|1990= 553
|2000= 590
|2010= 549
|2020= 532
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 549 people, 213 households, and 154 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1483.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 228 housing units at an average density of {{convert|616.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 213 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.7% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the village was 36.8 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 23.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 590 people, 211 households, and 163 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,561.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|587.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.88% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.34% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.7% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $44,500, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $37,667 versus $22,426 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,361. About 6.2% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

