==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 300
|1890= 458
|1900= 1803
|1910= 2779
|1920= 3150
|1930= 3403
|1940= 4121
|1950= 4358
|1960= 4650
|1970= 5451
|1980= 5241
|1990= 7878
|2000= 8828
|2010= 8511
|2020= 9120
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/perkasieboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 8,511 people living in the borough.  The racial makeup of the borough was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 8,828 people, 3,294 households, and 2,338 families living in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,408.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,304.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.53% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.36% of the population.

There were 3,294 households, out of which 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 34.3% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $52,000, and the median income for a family was $59,413. Males had a median income of $42,388 versus $28,323 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,986.  4.7% of the population and 4.2% of families were below the [[poverty line]].  Out of the total population, 3.3% of those under the age of 18 and 7.9% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

Perkasie is served by the [[Pennridge School District]].

