==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1960|593
|1970|581
|1980|692
|1990|529
|2000|571
|2010|542
|2020|429
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 429 people, 226 households, and 120 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 969.0 inhabitants per square mile (374.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 245 housing units at an average density of 553.4 per square mile (213.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.7% [[White Americans|White]], 0.5% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.9% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from other races and 3.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.5% of the population.

Of the 226 households, 22.6% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% were cohabitating couples, 24.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 28.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 46.9% of all households were non-families. 40.3% of all households were made up of individuals, 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 47.8 years. 16.8% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 and 44; 31.0% were from 45 and 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 542 people, 237 households, and 152 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1178.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 237 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 42.6 years. 22.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 571 people, 240 households, and 155 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,281.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|549.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 240 households, out of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.96.

26.3% were under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,318, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $22,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,907. About 7.2% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.6% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.

