==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 123
|1890= 106
|1900= 152
|1910= 123
|1920= 745
|1930= 189
|1940= 195
|1950= 171
|1960= 289
|1970= 288
|1980= 241
|1990= 140
|2000= 246
|2010= 271
|2020= 269
|estyear=2021
|estimate=267
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 271 people, 126 households, and 67 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|846.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 154 housing units at an average density of {{convert|481.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 126 households, of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.8% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 45.3 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 246 people, 104 households, and 63 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 798.1 inhabitants per square mile (306.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 126 housing units at an average density of 408.8 per square mile (156.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.41% from two or more races.

There were 104 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18 5.3% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 70.4 males. 
The median income for a household in the town was $28,864, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $22,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,037. About 8.5% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 21.4% of those 65 or over.

