==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 180 people, 39 households, and 37 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|57.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of 12.4/sq&nbsp;mi (4.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 98.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 76.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 61.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 2.6% were non-families. No households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.62 and the average family size was 4.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 51.7% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 10.0% from 45 to 64, and 1.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 17 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 61.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,545, and the median income for a family was $23,977. Males had a median income of $27,750 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,963. About 31.4% of families and 41.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 53.9% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

