==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1900= 698
|1910= 858
|1920= 1236
|1930= 1383
|1940= 1397
|1950= 1038
|1960= 777
|1970= 699
|1980= 624
|1990= 520
|2000= 593
|2010= 538
|2020= 456
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 593 people, 243 households, and 165 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1508.8|PD/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 291 housing units at an average density of {{convert|740.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.91% from [[Race (United States census)|other races]], and 3.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 46.54% of the population.

There were 243 households, out of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,750, and the median income for a family
was $30,815. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,249. About 27.8% of families and 34.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 64.0% of those under age 18 and 25.7% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

