==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 449
|1910= 481
|1920= 507
|1930= 406
|1940= 537
|1950= 435
|1960= 410
|1970= 366
|1980= 344
|1990= 297
|2000= 262
|2010= 233
|2020= 216
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 233 people, 108 households, and 60 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|495.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 108 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.4% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 44.8 years. 24.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 262 people, 125 [[household]]s, and 71 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|552.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|312.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].  [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 1.15% of the population.

There were 125 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.4% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,429, and the median income for a family was $33,929. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,106. About 6.3% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.3% of those under the age of 18 and 15.5% of those 65 and older.

