==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1870= 225
|1880= 301
|1890= 321
|1900= 268
|1910= 265
|1920= 251
|1930= 206
|1940= 216
|1950= 264
|1960= 274
|1970= 281
|1980= 255
|1990= 242
|2000= 211
|2010= 189
|2020= 184
|estyear=2021
|estimate=182
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013|url-status=dead|df=dmy-all}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 211 people, 79 households, and 57 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|157.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 79 households, out of which 43.0% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.26.

Within the borough, the population was spread out, with 36.5% of residents who were under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years.

For every 100 females there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $22,875, and the median income for a family was $23,929. Males had a median income of $29,063 compared with that of $19,250 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $11,435.

Approximately 30.4% of families and 29.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 48.1% of those who were under the age of eighteen. None of the residents who were aged sixty-five or older were living in poverty.

