==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 208
|1910= 448
|1920= 521
|1930= 602
|1940= 897
|1950= 912
|1960= 724
|1970= 768
|1980= 858
|1990= 725
|2000= 877
|2010= 818
|2020= 730 
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 877 people, 313 households, and 230 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,481.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 345 housing units at an average density of {{convert|976.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 67.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 27.02% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 62.94% of the population.

There were 313 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $29,643. Males had a median income of $25,208 versus $20,368 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,877. Below the [[poverty line]] were 25.5% of people, 22.8% of families, 28.4% of those under 18 and 26.5% of those over 64.-->
{{Clear|left}}

