==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 224
|1910= 364
|1920= 427
|1930= 425
|1940= 411
|1950= 422
|1960= 503
|1970= 686
|1980= 737
|1990= 733
|2000= 790
|2010= 785
|2020= 822
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 785 people, 308 households, and 225 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1019.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|437.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 308 households, of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.9% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 36.9 years. 27.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 790 people, 295 households, and 218 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,467.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 316 housing units at an average density of {{convert|586.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.28% of the population.

There were 295 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.1% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.0% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $35,500, and the median income for a family was $43,854. Males had a median income of $27,400 versus $19,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,938 and about 8.5% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.8% of those under age 18 and 20.4% of those age 65 or over.

