==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1850 = 101
| 1870 = 270
| 1880 = 219
| 1910 = 425
| 1920 = 425
| 1930 = 490
| 1940 = 706
| 1950 = 714
| 1960 = 747
| 1970 = 809
| 1980 = 548
| 1990 = 620
| 2000 = 668
| 2010 = 768
| 2020 = 756
| 2020n = <ref name="US Census Website">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Wyocena%20village,%20Columbia%20County,%20Wisconsin|title=2020 Census Results|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 29, 2024}}</ref>
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="US Census Website">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Wyocena%20village,%20Columbia%20County,%20Wisconsin|title=2020 Census Results|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 29, 2024}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 768 people, 271 households, and 170 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|540.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 296 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2% of the population.

There were 271 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 668 people, 226 households, and 145 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 466.3 people per square mile (180.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 241 housing units at an average density of 168.2 per square mile (65.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. 1.2% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 226 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 92 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,857, and the median income for a family was $50,875. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $24,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,430. About 2.8% of families and 5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

