==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 151
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 138 people, 43 households, and 39 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|53.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of 16.6/sq&nbsp;mi (6.4/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.72% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.07% of the population.

There were 43 households, out of which 53.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 86.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 7.0% were non-families. 4.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.21 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 0.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $62,857, and the median income for a family was $62,857. Males had a median income of $47,500 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,768. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

