==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 420
|1910= 567
|1920= 628
|1930= 552
|1940= 623
|1950= 714
|1960= 733
|1970= 772
|1980= 708
|1990= 698
|2000= 686
|2010= 875
|2020= 857
|estyear=2021
|estimate=854
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=June 19, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 19, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 10, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 857 people, 299 households, and 506 housing units. The population density was {{convert|654|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.7% [[White people|White]], 2.9% two or more races, 1.2% [[Hispanic]], 0.7% [[Black people|Black]], 0.2% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], and 0.3% other races.

There were 299 households with an average family size of 2.47. 53.2% were married couples living together, 31.8% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 9.7% had a male householder with no spouse present.

The median age in the city was 60.3 years. 16.3% of the residents were under the age of 18.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 875 people, 386 households, and 215 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|595.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 486 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 386 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.3% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.5% of households were individuals 65 years old or older living alone. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 49.5 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 33.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 686 people, 327 households, and 192 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|571.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 407 housing units at an average density of 338.9/sq mi (131.0/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the city was 98.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.46% of the population.

There were 327 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.0% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.3% of households were individuals 65 years old or older living alone.  The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city, the age breakdown was 21.7% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 32.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $27,333 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,269.  About 8.6% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

