==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Tokeland, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Tokeland%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
| 2000 = 194
| 2010 = 151
| 2020 = 158
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 194 people, 89 households, and 50 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 379.0 people per square mile (146.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 384.8/sq&nbsp;mi (149.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.03% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.09% from two or more races. 43.0% were of [[United States|American]], 14.5% [[Irish people|Irish]], 9.2% [[French people|French]] and 5.7% [[Finns|Finnish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

There were 89 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 18.0% from 25 to 44, 34.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,531, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $14,327 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,170. About 39.0% of families and 49.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 83.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census there were 158 people, 171 housing units, and 70 families in the CDP. There were 116 [[White Americans|White]] people, 1 [[African Americans|African American]], 17 [[Native Americans in the United States|Native Americans]], 3 [[Asian Americans|Asians]], 2 people from some other race, and 19 people from two or more races. 11 people were of [[Hispanic or Latino]] origin.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Tokeland_CDP,_Washington?g=160XX00US5371680 |access-date=2023-05-22 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

The ancestry of Tokeland was 15.1% [[Polish Americans|Polish]], 9.8% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]], 5.9% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], and 3.9% [[German Americans|German]].<ref name=":0" />

The median age was 37 years old. 29.3% of the population spoke a language at home that was a 'other' language, i.e. not [[English language|English]], [[Spanish language|Spanish]], nor [[Indo-European languages|Indo-European]] or an asian language. 24.9% of the population were older than 65, with 20% being between the ages of 65 and 74, and 4.9% being older than 85.<ref name=":0" />

The median household income was $19,167, and married couples had $28,611. 23.9% of the population were older than 65.<ref name=":0" />

