==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 289
|1880= 335
|1890= 416
|1900= 376
|1910= 438
|1920= 455
|1930= 458
|1940= 422
|1950= 404
|1960= 458
|1970= 471
|1980= 558
|1990= 462
|2000= 540
|2010= 503
|2020= 483
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 503 people, 195 households, and 140 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1524.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 234 housing units at an average density of {{convert|709.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 195 households, of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the village was 35.1 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 540 people, 227 households, and 145 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,614.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|756.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.04% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.96% from two or more races. 0.74% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 227 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,054, and the median income for a family was $26,000. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $13,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,314. 39.6% of the population and 27.8% of families were below the [[poverty line]], including 54.7% of those under the age of 18 and 12.1% of those 65 and older.

