==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 224
|1840= 912
|1850= 1171
|1860= 1622
|1870= 2696
|1880= 3814
|1890= 4169
|1900= 4663
|1910= 4281
|1920= 4269
|1930= 4104
|1940= 4154
|1950= 4069
|1960= 4293
|1970= 4224
|1980= 3526
|1990= 3242
|2000= 3024
|2010= 2919
|2020= 2798
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 3,024 people, 1,279 households and 795 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,674.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,459 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,290.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 1,279 households, of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.92.

Age distribution was 25.1% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males. The median household income was $35,814, and the median family income was $41,884. Males had a median income of $35,663 versus $23,796 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,438. About 9.9% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.5% of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over.

