==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 61
|2000= 35
|2010= 18
|2020= 23
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Game Creek first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as an unincorporated census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 35 people, 10 households, and 7 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|7.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 10 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.57% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], and 11.43% from two or more races.

There were 10 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.50 and the average family size was 4.29.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 133.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 160.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $19,688. Males had a median income of $7,083 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,221. There were no families and none of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

