==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 203
|1890= 813
|1900= 342
|1910= 473
|1920= 337
|1930= 350
|1940= 340
|1950= 301
|1960= 231
|1970= 191
|1980= 137
|1990= 58
|2000= 64
|2010= 41
|2020= 33
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 41 people, 21 households, and 10 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|178.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|139.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 7.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 21 households, of which 4.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.4% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 53.5 years. 4.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 43.9% were from 45 to 64; and 29.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 64 people, 27 households, and 18 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|279.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|inhabitants&nbsp;|inhabitants|}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.56% from two or more races.

There were 27 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,773. There were 30.8% of families and 47.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 75.0% of under eighteens and 77.8% of those over 64.

