==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 401
|1940= 374
|1950= 477
|1960= 629
|1970= 797
|1980= 786
|1990= 799
|2000= 735
|2010= 705
|2020= 763
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Hunting Valley village, Ohio – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Hunting Valley village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/table?g=160XX00US3936918&tid=DECENNIALSF12000.P004|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Hunting Valley village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3936918&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Hunting Valley village, Ohio|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3936918&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2000
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|724
|665
|style='background: #ffffe6; |668
|98.50%
|94.33%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |87.55%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|1
|4
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5
|0.14%
|0.57%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.66%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|5
|8
|style='background: #ffffe6; |27
|0.68%
|1.13%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.54%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|0
|2
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3
|0.00%
|0.28%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.39%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|1
|7
|style='background: #ffffe6; |20
|0.14%
|0.99%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2.62%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|4
|19
|style='background: #ffffe6; |40
|0.54%
|2.70%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5.24%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''735'''
|'''705'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''763 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 707 people, 277 households, and 216 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|89.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 97.0% White, 0.6% African American, 1.1% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.7%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref>

Of the 277 households 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.9% were married couples living together, 2.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.0% were non-families. 19.9% of households were one person and 12.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 50.3 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.5% were from 45 to 64; and 26.4% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 735 people, 284 households, and 241 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|92.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. Of the 735 people, 728 of them are white. There were 317 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 99.05% White, 0.14% African American, 0.68% Asian, and 0.14% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.54%.<ref name="GR2" /> 17.4% were of [[English Americans|English]], 17.1% [[German Americans|German]], 11.0% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 9.0% [[Italian Americans|Italian]], 5.7% [[American ancestry|American]] and 5.6% [[Russian Americans|Russian]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

Of the 284 households 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.8% were married couples living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.1% were non-families. 13.7% of households were one person and 6.0% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.80.

The age distribution was 21.6% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 14.4% from 25 to 44, 35.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% 65 or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median household income was in excess of $200,000, as is the median family income . Males had a median income of over $100,000 versus $42,083 for females. The per capita income for the village was $144,281. About 2.1% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

