==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 568
|1900= 481
|1910= 932
|1920= 1235
|1930= 1036
|1940= 1056
|1950= 949
|1960= 884
|1970= 806
|1980= 743
|1990= 589
|2000= 484
|2010= 470
|2020= 333
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 470 people, 197 households, and 120 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|770.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|444.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.06% of the population.

There were 197 households, of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 484 people, 218 households, and 129 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|784.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 256 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.41% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.86% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 218 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 93.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,000, and the median income for a family was $21,667. Males had a median income of $28,000 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,092. About 23.4% of families and 29.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 51.2% of those under age 18 and 17.5% of those age 65 or over.

