==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 690
|1860= 630
|1870= 673
|1880= 616
|1890= 613
|1900= 557
|1910= 453
|1920= 423
|1930= 410
|1940= 413
|1950= 480
|1960= 461
|1970= 440
|1980= 329
|1990= 370
|2000= 330
|2010= 318
|2020= 236
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 318 people, 134 households, and 84 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1325.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 167 housing units at an average density of {{convert|695.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 39.3 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 27% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 330 people, 117 households, and 80 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,383.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|582.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 117 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 33.6% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 123.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,750, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $22,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,367. About 5.2% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.

