==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1501
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 1,501 people, 584 households, and 430 families in Ashaway. The population density was {{convert|632.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 622 housing units at an average density of {{convert|262.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20dp1 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=December 30, 2023 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 94.0% (1,411) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (92.94% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.33% (5) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 1.07% (16) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.4% (6) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.07% (1) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.13% (62) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.2% (33) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 584 households, 28.4% had children under the age of 18; 52.7% were married couples living together; 21.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 24.5% of households consisted of individuals and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.8 and the average family size was 3.1.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 11.7% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

22.2% of the population was under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.3 years. For every 100 females, the population had 93.9 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 92.1 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $103,750 (with a margin of error of +/- $67,913) and the median family income was $100,167 (+/- $82,295). Females had a median income of $40,825 (+/- $12,504).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The median income for those above 16 years old was $40,638 (+/- $10,738).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 0.0% of families and 1.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Ashaway%20CDP,%20Rhode%20Island%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=December 29, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 1,485 people, 566 households, and 418 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|239.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=on}}. There were 617 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|abbr=on}}. The racial make-up of the CDP was 94.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.88% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|American Indian]], 0.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 1.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.83% of the population.

There were 566 households, of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present and 26.1% were non-families. Of all households, 21.0% were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.01.

19% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24% from 25 to 44, 31% from 45 to 64 and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.3 years. There were 95.3 males for every 100 females, and 92.3 males age 18 and over for every 100 females age 18 and over.

The [[median household income]] in 2000 was $47,271 and the median family income was $49,125. Males had a median income of $41,375 and females $25,556. The [[per capita income]] was $21,149. About 6.6% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.

