==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 163
|1900= 342
|1910= 543
|1920= 803
|1930= 1041
|1940= 1057
|1950= 1112
|1960= 1083
|1970= 947
|1980= 1214
|1990= 1209
|2000= 888
|2010= 895
|2020= 763
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Aulander racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3702580&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 331
| 43.38%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 360
| 47.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.26%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 39
| 5.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 30
| 3.93%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 763 people, 315 households, and 175 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 888 people, 371 households, and 247 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|601.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 412 housing units at an average density of {{convert|279.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 57.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 41.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 371 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,808, and the median income for a family was $34,125 . Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $21,528 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,767. About 22.1% of families and 26.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 43.1% of those under age 18 and 26.5% of those age 65 or over.

