==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 869
|1890= 1595
|1900= 2192
|1910= 2513
|1920= 2688
|1930= 2906
|1940= 3266
|1950= 3507
|1960= 4000
|1970= 4118
|1980= 4335
|1990= 4254
|2000= 4933
|2010= 5461
|2020= 5945
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5522575">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Edgerton city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5522575&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 27, 2022}}</ref> the population was 5,945. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,429.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,587 housing units at an average density of {{convert|622.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.5% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 5.7% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,461 people, 2,227 households, and 1,426 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1319.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,410 housing units at an average density of {{convert|582.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 2,227 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 35.7 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64, and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

