==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 97
|1940= 79
|1950= 71
|1960= 70
|1970= 99
|1980= 149
|1990= 173
|2000= 225
|2010= 237
|2020= 183
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
According to the most recent Census Bureau demographics available, released in December 2018, Bethune has a population of 227, making it the 5th largest town or city in population out of 10 total in the area. The city with the highest population in the area is Burlington, with a population of 5,468. Burlington is the county seat of Kit Carson County.

From the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 225 people, 74 households, and 58 families residing in Bethune.  The population density was {{convert|1,476.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|531.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 73.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.44% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 23.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 31.11% of the population.

There were 74 households, out of which 48.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.04 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.6% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,958, and the median income for a family was $30,833. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,994.  About 21.9% of families and 27.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.8% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

