==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 108
|1940= 149
|1950= 137
|1960= 87
|1970= 58
|1980= 55
|1990= 53
|2000= 61
|2010= 39
|2020= 28
|estyear=2022
|estimate=26
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 12, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 12, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 39 people, 14 households, and 11 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|144.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|74.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 74.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 23.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 23.1% of the population.

There were 14 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the city was 39.3 years. 30.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 5.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 61 people, 21 households, and 17 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|245.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 27 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 86.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.11% of the population.

There were 21 households, out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.0% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.4% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $58,125. Males had a median income of $13,750 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,312. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

