==Demographics==
{{Update|section|date=June 2016}}
|2020= 9629
{{US Census population
|2000=4998
|2010=7462
|2020=9629
|float=
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<br/>2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Fishersville CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5127968&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Fishersville CDP, Virginia|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=1600000US5127968&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
|align=left}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,998 people, 1,826 households, and 1,433 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 380.6 people per square mile (147.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,931 housing units at an average density of 147.0/sq&nbsp;mi (56.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Fisherville, Virginia 2000s census |url=https://www.usbeacon.com/Virginia/Fishersville.html}}</ref>

There were 1,826 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.5% were non-families. 19.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $49,322, and the median income for a family was $53,528. Males had a median income of $36,094 versus $26,778 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,248. About 5.5% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

