==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1138
|2010= 993
|2020= 878
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder2.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/G001/1600000US3953788| title=Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (G001): Neffs CDP, Ohio| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=February 19, 2014}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,138 people, 449 households, and 339 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|283.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 483 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the community was 99.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.18% of the population.

There were 449 households, out of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.3% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the CDP the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $19,926 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $13,557. About 7.7% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

