==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 1003
| 1920 = 1106
| 1930 = 1263
| 1940 = 1178
| 1950 = 1461
| 1960 = 1460
| 1970 = 1408
| 1980 = 1381
| 1990 = 1205
| 2000 = 1116
| 2010 = 1019
| 2020 = 981
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 993
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=July 21, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 21, 2024}}</ref>
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 1,019 people, 498 households, and 251 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|528.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 601 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 498 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 49.6% were non-families. 43.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 46.2 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,116 people, 470 households, and 292 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|610.3|PD/sqmi}}. There were 570 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.7|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.54% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 470 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 25.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,977, and the median income for a family was $35,536. Males had a median income of $25,515 versus $17,857 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,450. About 10.9% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.6% of those under age 18 and 7.2% of those age 65 or over.

