==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 202
|1990= 189
|2000= 306
|2010= 290
|2020= 315
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 306 people, 141 households, and 90 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|71.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 333 housing units at an average density of {{convert|77.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 84.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.23% from two or more races. [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] were 12.75% of the population.

There were 141 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 41.2% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,477, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $22,292 versus $18,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,974. About 18.4% of families and 22.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.8% of those 65 or over.

