==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 524
|1970= 522
|1980= 496
|1990= 455
|2000= 432
|2010= 431
|2020= 458
|estyear= 
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 458 people residing in the town. There were 244 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 93.9% [[Non-Hispanic whites|White]], 0.2% [[African Americans|African American or Black]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]], 0.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 5.2% from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR8" /> of 2010, there were 431 people, 194 households, and 126 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 478.9 people per square mile (187.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 226 housing units at an average density of 251.1 per square mile (98.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.9% White, 1.2% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.9% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 194 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.8 years. For every 100 females there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $55,341, and the median income for a family was $56,379. Males had a median income of $50,917 versus $34,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,630. About 5.0% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

