==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 580
|1970= 566
|1980= 644
|1990= 624
|2000= 733
|2010= 820
|2020= 722
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Chocowinity racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3712580&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 359
| 49.72%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 292
| 40.44%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.14%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.55%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 22
| 3.05%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 44
| 6.09%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 722 people, 498 households, and 243 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 733 people, 302 households, and 202 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|733.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 330 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 60.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 38.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.41% of the population.

There were 302 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,712, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $23,750 versus $18,516 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,747. About 14.6% of families and 21.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.2% of those under age 18 and 23.9% of those age 65 or over.

Chocowinity has three public schools, one elementary (Grades K–4), one middle (Grades 5–8), and one high school (Grades 9–12). They are:
* Chocowinity Primary School 
* Chocowinity Middle School (formerly Chocowinity High School)
*[[Southside High School (North Carolina)|Southside High School]]

