==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1960= 202
|1970= 179
|1980= 222
|1990= 204
|2000= 159
|2010= 151
|2020= 164
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 151 people, 64 households, and 42 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|755.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 74 housing units at an average density of {{convert|370.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. census)|African American]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 64 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the village was 48.5 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 159 people, 69 households, and 44 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|773.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 76 housing units at an average density of {{convert|369.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.19% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 5.03% [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.63% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], and 3.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.89% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,938, and the median income for a family was $45,313. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,629. None of the families and 4.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

