==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1498
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States Census|census of 2010]],<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2011-05-14|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,699 people living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|283|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 689 housing units at an average density of 115 per square mile (44/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 52.8% of the population.

There were 635 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.6% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68, and the average family size was 3.06.

In the CDP, the population's age was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 15, 10.6% from 15 to 24, 21.99% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males. For every 100 females age 16 and over, there were 94.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $53,188, and the median income for a family was $66,250. Male full-time workers had a median income of $36,753, versus $30,829 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $20,497.

