==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 449
|1920= 476
|1930= 609
|1940= 854
|1950= 1024
|1960= 1144
|1970= 953
|1980= 936
|1990= 961
|2000= 1168
|2010= 1257
|2020= 975
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,168 people, 397 households, and 296 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|846.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 439 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 67.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 28.94% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 63.18% of the population.

There were 397 households, out of which 41.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,295, and the median income for a family was $26,131. Males had a median income of $25,238 versus $17,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,114. About 24.1% of families and 27.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.4% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

