==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 319
|1880= 417
|1890= 1030
|1900= 1195
|1910= 1088
|1920= 1012
|1930= 932
|1940= 976
|1950= 1026
|1960= 1176
|1970= 1329
|1980= 1608
|1990= 1544
|2000= 1676
|2010= 1648
|2020= 1558
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,648 people, 588 households, and 443 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1851.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 656 housing units at an average density of {{convert|737.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.9% of the population.

There were 588 households, of which 44.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.7% were non-families. 19.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.19.

The median age in the village was 34.8 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 10.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,676 people, 587 households, and 466 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,835.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 633 housing units at an average density of {{convert|693.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.58% of the population.

There were 587 households, out of which 44.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.6% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.19.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,688, and the median income for a family was $43,333. Males had a median income of $31,189 versus $23,512 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,043. About 7.6% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.

