==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5551617">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Middle Village CDP, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5551617&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=13 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 290. The [[population density]] was {{convert|47.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 83 housing units at an average density of {{convert|13.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the cdp was 92.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 3.1% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 3.1% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 351 people, 94 households, and 76 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 50.6 people per square mile (19.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 133 housing units at an average density of 19.2/sq&nbsp;mi (7.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 94.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.70% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 60.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 38.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.1% were non-families. 9.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.44 and the average family size was 3.55.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 43.9% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 13.7% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $16,667, and the median income for a family was $11,071. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $9,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,568. About 55.8% of families and 42.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

