==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 221
|1920= 191
|1930= 196
|1940= 183
|1950= 165
|1960= 196
|1970= 322
|1980= 609
|1990= 687
|2000= 761
|2010= 746
|2020= 746
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br/>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

According to the 2020 United States Census, Woodville had a population of 746, the same as reported in the 2010 Census, indicating no population growth over the decade.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Woodville_town,_Alabama?g=160XX00US0183088 |website=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 8, 2025}}</ref> The town covers a total area of 6.62 square miles (17.14&nbsp;km<sup>2</sup>), resulting in a population density of approximately 112.7 inhabitants per square mile (43.5/km<sup>2</sup>).<ref>{{Cite web |title=2020 U.S. Gazetteer Files |url=https://www2.census.gov/geo/docs/maps-data/data/gazetteer/2020_Gazetteer/2020_gaz_place_01.txt |website=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 8, 2025}}</ref> While detailed 2020 racial demographics are not included in the summary dataset, the town has historically been predominantly White, with the 2000 Census reporting the racial makeup as 96.98% White, 1.71% Native American, and 1.32% from two or more races.<ref>{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 8, 2025}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 761 people, 301 households, and 232 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|113.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 322 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.98% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.71% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.18% from two or more races. 0.92% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 301 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.9% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.


The median income for a household in the town was $35,000, and the median income for a family was $37,426. Males had a median income of $27,946 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,796. About 9.7% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 20.5% of those age 65 or over.

