==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|1900|505
|1910|517
|1920|464
|1930|456
|1940|462
|1950|549
|1960|584
|1970|622
|1980|733
|1990|673
|2000|750
|2010|791
|2020|688
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020>{{cite web |title=2020 Census State Redistricting Data |url=https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial/2020/data/01-Redistricting_File--PL_94-171/Iowa/ |website=census.gov |publisher=United states Census Bureau |access-date=12 August 2021}}</ref>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 688 people, 278 households, and 185 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 918.8 inhabitants per square mile (354.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 299 housing units at an average density of 399.3 per square mile (154.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.1% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from other races and 5.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.7% of the population.

Of the 278 households, 32.4% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% were cohabitating couples, 25.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 12.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 33.5% of all households were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 41.7 years. 26.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 and 44; 29.8% were from 45 and 64; and 16.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 791 people, 289 households, and 215 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1040.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|406.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 289 households, of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.6% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the city was 34 years. 32.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 22.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 750 people, 273 households, and 197 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,066.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 286 housing units at an average density of {{convert|406.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.53% from two or more races.

There were 273 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.23.

30.7% were under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $43,438, and the median income for a family was $50,556. Males had a median income of $34,271 versus $23,618 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,258. About 4.1% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

