==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 66
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 59 people, 22 households, and 17 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 20.5 people per square mile (7.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 22 housing units at an average density of 7.6 per square mile (2.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 42.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 49.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.08% of the population.

There were 22 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 13.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 121.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,583, and the median income for a family was $38,500. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,311. There were 11.1% of families and 8.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

