==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 575
|1920= 355
|1930= 288
|1940= 241
|1950= 224
|1960= 216
|1970= 219
|1980= 229
|1990= 211
|2000= 186
|2010= 193
|2020= 194
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> there were 193 people, 84 households and 59 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|804.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 84 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the town was 49.2 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 37.4% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 186 people, 83 households and 57 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|778.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 83 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.61.

23.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $25,536 and the median family income was $32,500. Males had a median income of $27,750 and females $16,071. The [[per capita income]] was $13,140. About 10.0% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 11.5% of those 65 or over.

