==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 238
|1930= 266
|1940= 322
|1950= 235
|1960= 204
|1970= 193
|1980= 218
|1990= 174
|2000= 213
|2010= 266
|2020= 246
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 213 people, 93 households, and 59 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|846.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|445.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.21% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 31.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $16,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,634. About 12.3% of families and 14.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.3% of those 65 or over.-->
{{clear|left}}

