==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 183
|1890= 495
|1900= 893
|1910= 748
|1920= 884
|1930= 859
|1940= 845
|1950= 854
|1960= 811
|1970= 720
|1980= 803
|1990= 612
|2000= 662
|2010= 608
|2020= 555
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
While 2020 census figures are not finalized, the U.S. Census Bureau estimates that Dana's population has dropped from 608 to 570.<ref name=":0" /> Poverty and joblessness remain an issue in the town.<ref name=":0" />

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 608 people, 241 households, and 173 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2096.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1000.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 241 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.2% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 40.7 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 662 people, 252 households, and 187 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,255.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 288 housing units at an average density of {{convert|981.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.66% of the population.

There were 252 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.4% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,750, and the median income for a family was $38,182. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,603. About 6.6% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

