==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 206
|1900= 158
|1910= 132
|1920= 79
|1930= 112
|1940= 262
|1950= 117
|1960= 140
|1970= 136
|1980= 120
|1990= 54
|2000= 120
|2010= 134
|2020= 166
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2000 [[census]], the town had a population of 120; there were 44 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The population density was {{convert|933.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.50% of the population. The median age was 39 years. The median income for a household in the town was $88,629, and the median income for a family was $93,444. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $43,483. There were 7.1% of families and 5.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]].<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>

The larger area defined as Brookeville by the postal service, within the 20833 ZIP Code, has a population of 6,259 as of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]]. The median age is 37.5, and the racial composition is 84.1% Caucasian, 6.7% African-American, 6% Asian, and 3.6% Hispanic. The Brookeville area has a very high rate of [[home ownership]], with 93.3% of its 2,063 households owning homes, which compares to a national average of 66.2% for home ownership. A large portion of the homes in Brookeville were built during the 1990s, as well as a large number built in the 1970s. As reported in the 2000 census, 30% of homes within the Brookeville ZIP Code were built during the 1990s, 15.6% during the 1980s, 35.6% in the 1970s, 13% between 1940 and 1970, and 5.7% before 1940. 54% of the population had moved into their homes during the 1990s, 22.9% in the 1980s, 17.5% in the 1970s, and 5.6% have lived in the same home since before 1970.<ref name="wwwcensusgov" /> The median purchase price for homes in the Brookeville area in 2006 was $546,500, which compares to $475,000 for all of Montgomery County, and $243,750 for the entire United States.<ref>{{cite news |url=https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/realestate/features/2007/housing-outlook/property-values/montgomery.html |title=Housing Outlook 2007 – Regional Property Values, Montgomery County |newspaper=The Washington Post |access-date=December 15, 2007}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/const/priceregq.pdf |title=Median and Average Sales Price of Houses Sold by Region |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=December 15, 2007}}</ref>

The population in the Brookeville area is well-educated, with 57.6% of those age 25 or older having a [[college education]], which compares to the national average of 24.4%. The median household income is $103,879, compared to a national average of $41,994. [[Per capita income]] is $40,540 compared to $21,587 for all of the United States. 76.2% of the population over age 16 is in the [[labor force]]. Average [[commuting]] time is 35.9 minutes, with 84.1% driving alone, 9% carpooling, 2.3% using public transportation, and 3.1% working at home. Most people are employed in management, professional, and related occupations, with 59.5% in those types of jobs. 19.3% are employed in sales and office occupations, 10.7% in service occupations, 5.7 in construction, extraction, and maintenance occupations, and 4.9% in production, transportation, and material moving occupations. 24.4% of those in the labor force are government workers.<ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 134 people, 54 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1116.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.2% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the town was 46.3 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 38% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

