==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 101
|1910= 166
|1920= 94
|1930= 112
|1940= 229
|1950= 376
|1960= 544
|1970= 586
|1980= 575
|1990= 573
|2000= 614
|2010= 539
|2020= 546
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 539 people, 201 households, and 159 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1146.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 231 housing units at an average density of {{convert|491.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 201 households, of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.9% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 46.7 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.6% were from 25 to 44; 42.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 614 people, 215 households, and 176 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,186.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 224 housing units at an average density of {{convert|432.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.65% from two or more races.

There were 215 households, out of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.7% were non-families. 14.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 35.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $150,912, and the median income for a family was $168,868. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $41,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $91,844.  About 1.8% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.5% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

