==Demographics==
|2020= 2193
|2020= 2193
{{US Census population}}

As of 2023, 1,607 people live here, and there are 639 households in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|440.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 952 housing units at an average density of {{convert|161.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 82.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 8.66% from two or more races.

There were 900 households, of which 43.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.7% were non-families. 13.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.18.

28.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 29.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The [[median household income]] was $61,141 and the median family income was $71,019. Males had a median income of $47,482 and females $29,500. The [[per capita income]] was $30,832. About 1.6% of families and 2.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

