==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1860= 313
|1870= 386
|1880= 460
|1890= 490
|1900= 489
|1910= 536
|1920= 615
|1930= 637
|1940= 692
|1950= 653
|1960= 704
|1970= 675
|1980= 678
|1990= 696
|2000= 676
|2010= 765
|2020= 743
|estyear=2021
|estimate=742
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status = dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 676 people, 301 households, and 194 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|225.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 331 housing units at an average density of {{convert|110.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 99.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 301 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 56.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.1% under the age of eighteen, 10.5% from eighteen to twenty-four, 23.8% from twenty-five to forty-four, 24.7% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 21.9% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was forty-two years.

For every one hundred females, there were 103.6 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $46,063. Males had a median income of $31,429 compared with that of $21,500 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,837.

Roughly 8.6% of families and 14.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 18.8% of those who were aged sixty-five or older.

