==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 2000 = 678
| 2010 = 760
| 2020 = 971
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 678 people, 196 households, and 167 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 100.7 people per square mile (38.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 203 housing units at an average density of 30.1/sq&nbsp;mi (11.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.21% of the population.

There were 196 households, out of which 51.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.3% were non-families. 11.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.46 and the average family size was 3.80.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.9% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $46,875, and the median income for a family was $49,821. Males had a median income of $36,845 versus $24,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,727. About 12.0% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.7% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

