==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 537
|1930= 481
|1940= 514
|1950= 463
|1960= 399
|1970= 390
|1980= 559
|1990= 570
|2000= 569
|2010= 735
|2020= 787
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 735 people, 251 households, and 201 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1080.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|394.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 79.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 16.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 22.2% of the population.

There were 251 households, of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.9% were non-families. 17.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the city was 30.5 years. 32.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.2% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 569 people, 192 households, and 144 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,212.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|449.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 90.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 7.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.76% of the population.

There were 192 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.1% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,409, and the median income for a family was $35,278. Males had a median income of $25,147 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,186.  About 17.2% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 12.5% of those age 65 or over.

