==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 24
|1980= 115
|1990= 148
|2000= 492
|2010= 449
|2020= 451
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 492 people, 253 households, and 170 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|948.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,192.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.61% from two or more races.

There were 253 households, out of which 9.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 8.7% under the age of 18, 2.0% from 18 to 24, 14.0% from 25 to 44, 40.0% from 45 to 64, and 35.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $67,125, and the median income for a family was $89,666. Males had a median income of $61,250 versus $37,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $53,624. None of the families and 1.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 3.1% of those over 64.

