==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 797
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 795 people, 178 households, and 160 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|615.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|154.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 29.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 64.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 94.09% of the population.

There were 178 households, out of which 67.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10.1% were non-families. 7.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.47 and the average family size was 4.74.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 46.9% under the age of 18, 10.9% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 13.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $14,934, and the median income for a family was $16,591. Males had a median income of $21,705 versus $12,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,405. About 49.3% of families and 53.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.9% of those under age 18 and 70.9% of those age 65 or over.

