==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 617 people, 242 households, and 166 families residing in the borough.

The population density was {{convert|1,348.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|596.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 99.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.32% of the population.

There were 242 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of eighteen living with them; 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of eighteen, 9.2% from eighteen to twenty-four, 24.3% from twenty-five to forty-four, 21.9% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 19.0% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-six years.

For every one hundred females there were 100.3 males. For every one hundred females who were aged eighteen and over, there were 92.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $37,188. Males had a median income of $29,196 compared with that of $19,375 for females.

The per capita income for the borough was $15,605.

Roughly 5.6% of families and 8.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 10.2% of those who were under the age of eighteen and 6.9% of those who were aged sixty-five or over.{{Citation needed|date=May 2025}}

