==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 1,658 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 253.87 people per square mile (98.02/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 695 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.3% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 4.2% from two or more races. 1.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Dunlap CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Dunlap_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3922960 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=12 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 559 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 6.3% had a female householder with no spouse present. 14.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31, and the average family size was 2.51.<ref name="2020 census"/>

13.3% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 63.8% were 18 to 64, and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55.8. For every 100 females, there were 132.9 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the CDP was $95,125, and the median income for a family was $113,125. About 14.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 27.5% of those under age 18 and 4.4% of those age 65 or over. About 56.2% of the population were employed, and 39.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

