==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1840= 139
|1850= 218
|1860= 205
|1870= 281
|1880= 285
|1910= 307
|1920= 279
|1930= 299
|1940= 372
|1950= 376
|1960= 460
|1970= 420
|1980= 373
|1990= 173
|2000= 280
|2010= 237
|2020= 236
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref> 2020<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web|title=2020 Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US3944310|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 237 people, 95 households, and 69 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|316.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 97.9% White, 0.4% from other races, and 1.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 2.5%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref>

Of the 95 households 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.4% were non-families. 21.1% of households were one person and 8.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 38.9 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 20.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 280 people, 107 households, and 78 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,950.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,201.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 99.64% White, and 0.36% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 0.36%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 107 households 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 23.4% of households were one person and 12.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.05.

The age distribution was 25.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% 65 or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.2 males.

The median household income was $33,929 and the median family income  was $38,125. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $25,500 for females. The per capita income for the village was $14,802. About 5.1% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.1% of those sixty five or over.

