==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 575
|1880= 702
|1890= 777
|1900= 587
|1910= 585
|1920= 554
|1930= 539
|1940= 608
|1950= 690
|1960= 673
|1970= 734
|1980= 656
|1990= 876
|2000= 865
|2010= 801
|2020= 631
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 865 people, 318 households, and 237 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|720.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 383 housing units at an average density of {{convert|318.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.77% of the population.

There were 318 households, out of which 42.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 13.3% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 15.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,273, and the median income for a family was $35,781. Males had a median income of $30,147 versus $25,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,780. About 10.8% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

For the population 25 years and over in Copenhagen:

*High school or higher: 84.1% 
*Bachelor's degree or higher: 9.7% 
*Graduate or professional degree: 1.3% 
*Unemployed: 9.4% 
*Mean travel time to work: 22.7 minutes 
*For population 15 years and over in Copenhagen village
*Never married: 24.1% 
*Now married: 59.2% 
*Separated: 4.4% 
*Widowed: 6.2% 
*Divorced: 6.2%

Population change in the 1990s: -14 (-1.6%).

Most common industries for males (%):

*Public administration (20%) 
*Construction (11%) 
*Paper (9%) 
*Agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting (7%) 
*Educational services (5%) 
*Food and beverage stores (4%) 
*Truck transportation (4%)

Most common industries for females (%):

*Educational services (17%) 
*Health care (17%) 
*Public administration (12%) 
*Food and beverage stores (10%) 
*Accommodation and food services (8%) 
*Department and other general merchandise stores (5%) 
*Social assistance (5%)

Most common occupations for males: (%)

*Law enforcement workers including supervisors (9%) 
*Vehicle and mobile equipment mechanics, installers, and repairers (9%) 
*Other production occupations including supervisors (7%) 
*Electrical equipment mechanics and other installation, maintenance, and repair occupations including supervisors (6%) 
*Agricultural workers including supervisors (6%) 
*Driver/sales workers and truck drivers (6%) 
*Other management occupations except farmers and farm managers (5%)

Most common occupations for females (%)

*Cashiers (13%) 
*Secretaries and administrative assistants (8%) 
*Information and record clerks except customer service representatives (8%) 
*Health technologists and technicians (7%) 
*Other management occupations except farmers and farm managers (7%) 
*Waiters and waitresses (4%) 
*Child care workers (3%) <ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Copenhagen-New-York.html|title=Copenhagen, New York (NY 13626) profile: Population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving, houses, news, sex offenders}}</ref>

