==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 118
|1890= 203
|1910= 264
|1920= 314
|1930= 316
|1940= 315
|1950= 213
|1960= 234
|1970= 245
|1980= 215
|1990= 171
|2000= 154
|2010= 160
|2020= 149
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 160 people, 70 households, and 44 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|842.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|484.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 70 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 31.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 33 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.8% were from 25 to 44; 16.9% were from 45 to 64; and 23.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.3% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 154 people, 71 households, and 47 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|839.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 84 housing units at an average density of {{convert|458.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.65% from two or more races.

There were 71 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.66.

In the town the population was spread out, with 18.2% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,125. About 9.3% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 27.3% of those 65 or over.

