==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 502
|1900= 1378
|1910= 1530
|1920= 1709
|1930= 1890
|1940= 2030
|1950= 1723
|1960= 1392
|1970= 1274
|1980= 1078
|1990= 985
|2000= 968
|2010= 869
|2020= 897
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=31 January 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=US Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|U.S. Census Bureau]], there were 968 people, 404 households, and 258 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was 3752/sqmi (1449/km{{sup|2}}). There were 458 housing units at an average density of 1775/sqmi (685/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the borough was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.24% of the population.

There were 404 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.04.

The borough population contained 22.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,058, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,296. About 4.4% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.0% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

