==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 2405
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,461 people, 982 households, and 591 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,390.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|739.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 48.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 47.66% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.95% of the population.

There were 982 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 7.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,893, and the median income for a family was $26,202. Males had a median income of $26,385 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,560. About 20.3% of families and 24.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.<ref>[https://archive.today/20200212051248/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=&geo_id=16000US4514018&_geoContext=01000US%7C04000US45%7C16000US4514018&_street=&_county=Cherryvale&_cityTown=Cherryvale&_state=&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=160&_submenuId=factsheet_1&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y US Census Bureau Data]</ref>

