==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 196
|1890= 354
|1900= 654
|1910= 866
|1920= 830
|1930= 864
|1940= 1044
|1950= 1196
|1960= 1297
|1970= 1178
|1980= 1252
|1990= 1145
|2000= 1166
|2010= 1151
|2020= 1012
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1002
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,151 people, 513 households, and 322 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|737.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 573 housing units at an average density of {{convert|367.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 513 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the city was 43.4 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,166 people, 509 households, and 320 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|755.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 532 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.23% of the population.

There were 509 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,000, and the median income for a family was $41,477. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $22,159 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,406.  About 6.5% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.

