==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 563
|1910= 609
|1920= 542
|1930= 501
|1940= 507
|1950= 488
|1960= 551
|1970= 478
|1980= 469
|1990= 443
|2000= 485
|2010= 348
|2020= 370
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 348 people, 147 households, and 93 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|370.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 179 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 147 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 42 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 485 people, 168 households, and 111 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|514.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.03% of the population.

There were 168 households, out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 16.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,981, and the median income for a family was $37,188. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $22,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,369. About 8.7% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

