==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 178
|1880= 188
|1910= 159
|1920= 153
|1930= 151
|1940= 169
|1950= 229
|1960= 218
|1970= 220
|1980= 213
|1990= 155
|2000= 166
|2010= 134
|2020= 98
|estimate= 97
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/blountsville-demographics|title=Blountsville Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 Census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 98 people, 46 households, and 25 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|890.91|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|481.82|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the county was 91.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.<ref name="2020census">{{Cite web|title=Blountsville town, Indiana - Census Bureau Profile|page=1 |work=[[The United States Census Bureau]] |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1805896}}</ref>

There were 53 households, 37.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 3.8% were non-families. 58.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.85 and the average family size was 2.12.

10.5% of the population had never been married. 46.1% of residents were [[marriage|married]] and not [[marital separation|separated]], 11.8% were [[widowed]], and 31.6% were [[divorce]]d.

The median age in the city was 55.8. 6.0% of residents were under the age of 5; 8.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 91.6% were age 18 or older; and 19.3% were age 65 or older. 22.4% of the population were [[veterans]].

The only language spoken was [[English (language)|English]] with 100.0% speaking it at home.

The median household income in Henry County was $39,792, 31.7% less than the median average for the state of [[Indiana]]. 16.9% of the population were in poverty, although none of the residents under the age of 18. The poverty rate for the town was 4.0% higher than that of the state. 20.5% of the population were [[disabled]] and 3.6% had no [[healthcare]] coverage. 36.1% of the population had attained a [[high school]] or equivalent degree, 4.2% had attended [[college]] but received no degree, 23.6% had attained an [[Associate's degree]] or higher, 2.8% had attained a [[Bachelor's degree]] or higher, and 5.6% had a [[Graduate degree|graduate]] or [[Professional degree|professional]] degree. 27.7% had no degree. 48.7% of Blountsville residents were employed, working a mean of 32.4 hours per week. None of the Blountsville residents rented their as the homeownership rate was 100.0%. 7 housing units were vacant at a density of {{convert|63.64|sqmi|km2|1}}.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], there were 134 people, 49 households, and 39 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1218.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.0% from two or more races.<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref>

There were 49 households, of which 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.4% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the town was 38.3 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 44.0% male and 56.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 166 people, 61 households, and 50 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,372.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|504.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>

There were 61 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.4% were non-families. 14.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.3% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,023, and the median income for a family was $31,000. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,382. About 10.4% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 27.8% of those 65 or over.

