==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 308
|1890= 378
|1900= 551
|1910= 558
|1920= 420
|1930= 400
|1940= 390
|1950= 391
|1960= 438
|1970= 457
|1980= 483
|1990= 523
|2000= 516
|2010= 455
|2020= 409
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 403
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 455 people, 166 households, and 117 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2676.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 184 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1082.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 166 households, of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.5% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the village was 34.8 years. 29% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 23% were from 45 to 64; and 14.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 516 people, 178 households, and 131 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,772.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,021.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.19% from two or more races.

There were 178 households, out of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 22.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,159, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $30,781 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,064. About 14.6% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.4% of those under age 18 and 18.8% of those age 65 or over.

