==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 444
|1890= 502
|1900= 640
|1910= 676
|1920= 508
|1930= 546
|1940= 682
|1950= 602
|1960= 601
|1970= 562
|1980= 662
|1990= 656
|2000= 633
|2010= 584
|2020= 525
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 633 people, 281 households, and 178 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|575.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 310 housing units at an average density of {{convert|281.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.26% of the population.

There were 281 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.3% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.87.

Age spread: 25.6% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,571, and the median income for a family was $33,917. Males had a median income of $31,458 versus $22,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,382. About 11.6% of families and 13.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

