==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 313
|1910= 322
|1920= 332
|1930= 351
|1940= 316
|1950= 311
|1960= 261
|1970= 203
|1980= 238
|1990= 185
|2000= 203
|2010= 305
|2020= 300
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 203 people, 69 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 906.3 people per square mile (356.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 75 housing units at an average density of 334.8 per square mile (131.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 68.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 29.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.49% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.99% of the population.

There were 69 households, out of which 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 15.3% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 154.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $60,208. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,621. None of the families and 6.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.1% of those over 64.

