==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 310
|1920= 386
|1930= 412
|1940= 361
|1950= 388
|1960= 456
|1970= 421
|1980= 409
|1990= 323
|2000= 334
|2010= 284
|2020= 321
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 284 people, 132 households, and 79 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1051.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|563.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 132 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the town was 47 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64; and 28.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 334 people, 156 households, and 92 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,254.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|634.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.30% of the population.

There were 156 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.0% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 28.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,906, and the median income for a family was $42,083. Males had a median income of $27,344 versus $25,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,936. About 5.6% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.7% of those under age 18 and 19.1% of those age 65 or over.

