==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 118
|1900= 276
|1910= 257
|1920= 336
|1930= 359
|1940= 271
|1950= 291
|1960= 232
|1970= 234
|1980= 169
|1990= 160
|2000= 123
|2010= 139
|2020= 93
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 139 people in 52 households, including 34 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|308.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|160.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.0% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref>

Of the 52 households 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 25.0% of households were one person and 9.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.29.

The median age was 39.5 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 12.9% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 123 people in 52 households, including 34 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|271.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|138.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 99.19% White, and 0.81% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.44%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 52 households 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 28.8% of households were one person and 19.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.83.

The age distribution was 27.6% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 15.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median household income was $31,607 and the median family income  was $33,750. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $20,714 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,194. There were 2.8% of families and 7.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

