==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 129
|1920= 185
|1930= 151
|1940= 191
|1950= 178
|1960= 160
|1970= 124
|1980= 118
|1990= 103
|2000= 103
|2010= 84
|2020= 72
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 84 people, 39 households, and 25 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|323.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|157.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 39 households, of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years. 22.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.8% were from 25 to 44; 39.3% were from 45 to 64; and 16.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 103 people, 45 households and 27 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|410.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 45 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.04.

Age distribution was 23.3% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $36,250, and the median family income was $41,250. Males had a median income of $29,444 versus $11,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,213. There were no families and 3.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 8.0% of those over 64.

