==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 466
|1920= 766
|1930= 409
|1940= 460
|1950= 460
|1960= 413
|1970= 491
|1980= 545
|1990= 400
|2000= 533
|2010= 653
|2020= 640
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2020 [[Population Estimates Program|population estimates program]], 696 people lived in the village.<ref name=":0" /> The 2019 [[American Community Survey]] estimated 57.0% of its population were [[Non-Hispanic whites|non-Hispanic white]], 42.1% [[African Americans|Black and African American]], and 0.9% [[Multiracial Americans|multiracial]]. The median household income was $45,568 and 10.2% of the population lived at or below the poverty line.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Geography Profile: Parks village, Louisiana|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US2259165|access-date=August 2, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

At the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 533 people, 207 households, and 150 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|677.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 51.97% [[White Americans|White]], 47.47% African American, 0.38% Native American, and 0.19% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latin Americans of any race were 1.13% of the population.

There were 207 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,958, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $30,909 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,191. About 13.1% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 18.9% of those age 65 or over.

