==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 468
|1910= 551
|1920= 586
|1930= 476
|1940= 601
|1950= 735
|1960= 1023
|1970= 1025
|1980= 1155
|1990= 892
|2000= 933
|2010= 959
|2020= 822
|estyear=2021
|estimate=806
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 959 people, 392 households, and 287 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1997.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 440 housing units at an average density of {{convert|916.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 392 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.8% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 45.2 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 33.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 933 people, 373 households, and 276 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,958.0 inhabitants per square mile (750.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 415 housing units at an average density of 870.9 per square mile (333.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.96% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.11% of the population.

There were 373 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,341, and the median income for a family was $39,545. Males had a median income of $35,521 versus $22,045 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,419. About 9.2% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.0% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

