==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 209
|1890= 246
|1900= 227
|1910= 248
|1920= 551
|1930= 531
|1940= 553
|1950= 451
|1960= 448
|1970= 390
|1980= 447
|1990= 464
|2000= 449
|2010= 464
|2020= 512
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 449 people, 135 households, and 110 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|62.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.35% of the population.

There were 135 households, out of which 51.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 74.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.5% were non-families. 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.33 and the average family size was 3.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.7% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 17.8% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $40,139. Males had a median income of $31,023 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,910. About 6.3% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.8% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.

