==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 231
|1910= 583
|1920= 589
|1930= 498
|1940= 487
|1950= 440
|1960= 409
|1970= 375
|1980= 357
|1990= 296
|2000= 269
|2010= 245
|2020= 194
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> there was a population of 194 and 144 households. The [[population density]] was {{convert|462.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|337.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. Only two of all the residents are of any race.

22% of the village has a bachelor's degree education or higher, and the village has a 57% employment rate. 13% of the residents in the village do not have health care coverage. The Median Household income is $38,250.
<ref>{{cite web |last1=Lynch, Boyd County |first1=QuickFacts |title=2020 Census, Lynch |url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Lynch%20township,%20Boyd%20County,%20Nebraska |website=Census.Gov}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 269 people, 131 households, and 78 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|476.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|313.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.86% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.49% from two or more races.

There were 131 households, out of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 15.6% from 25 to 44, 31.2% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,333, and the median income for a family was $29,792. Males had a median income of $23,571 versus $24,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,702. About 5.2% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.0% of those 65 or over.

