==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 53
|1980= 146
|1990= 112
|2000= 121
|2010= 128
|2020= 134
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012|archive-date=May 12, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150512074548/http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/08000.html|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 128 people, 49 households, and 34 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|71.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 49 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.6% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 19.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 121 people, 51 households, and 36 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|89.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.65% from two or more races.

There were 51 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 32.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $17,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,978. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

