==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 363
|1930= 415
|1940= 428
|1950= 403
|1960= 437
|1970= 446
|1980= 475
|1990= 473
|2000= 510
|2010= 468
|2020= 403
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 468 people, 204 households, and 138 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1509.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|700.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 204 households, of which 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the town was 43.9 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 43.6% male and 56.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 510 people, 210 households, and 140 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,653.6 people per square mile (635.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 234 housing units at an average density of 758.7 per square mile (291.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.12% of the population.

There were 210 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.9% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,235, and the median income for a family was $38,036. Males had a median income of $30,313 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,559. About 4.0% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

