==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 626
|1940= 701
|1950= 761
|1960= 725
|1970= 826
|1980= 1216
|1990= 973
|2000= 990
|2010= 915
|2020= 920
|estyear=2019
|estimate=935
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 915 people, 366 households, and 266 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|924.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 400 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.2% of the population.

There were 366 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 38.9 years. 26.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 990 people, 364 households, and 274 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,002.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 389 housing units at an average density of {{convert|394.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.91% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.95% of the population.

There were 364 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,303, and the median income for a family was $39,306. Males had a median income of $33,214 versus $14,306 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,452. About 5.7% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

