==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 47
|2000= 67
|2010= 45
|2020= 38
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 67 people, 38 households, and 25 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|332.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 172 housing units at an average density of {{convert|853.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 4.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 5.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 31.6% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.76 and the average family size was 2.12.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 4.5% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 25 to 44, 41.8% from 45 to 64, and 43.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 61 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $70,417, and the median income for a family was $83,989. Males had a median income of $50,625 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $53,491. There were no families and 13.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.1% of those over 64.

