==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 211
|1900= 331
|1910= 691
|1920= 610
|1930= 622
|1940= 918
|1950= 955
|1960= 948
|1970= 870
|1980= 867
|1990= 669
|2000= 574
|2010= 533
|2020= 479
|estyear=2022
|estimate=464
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=November 7, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 7, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 533 people, 267 households and 149 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|658.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|416.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial make-up was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 267 households, of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 41.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age was 49.9 years. 20.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 27% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 574 people, 295 households and 158 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|694.0|/sqmi}}. There were 335 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.0|/sqmi}}. The racial make-up was 97.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 295 households, of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.4% were non-families. 42.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.66.

17.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 20.7% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 28.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $25,536 and the median family income was $44,375. Males had a median income of $29,500 and females $17,375. The [[per capita income]] was $19,598. About 3.2% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 16.5% of those age 65 or over.

