==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 149
|1920= 250
|1930= 347
|1940= 338
|1950= 469
|1960= 466
|1970= 694
|1980= 908
|1990= 973
|2000= 1015
|2010= 1229
|2020= 1267
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Broadway racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3708080&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 927
| 73.16%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 83
| 6.55%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 15
| 1.18%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 8
| 0.63%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 65
| 5.13%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 169
| 13.34%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,267 people, 544 households, and 384 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,015 people, 400 households, and 318 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|812.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 419 housing units at an average density of {{convert|335.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.49% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.48% of the population.

There were 400 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.5% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $52,917, and the median income for a family was $57,500. Males had a median income of $36,357 versus $24,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,397. About 4.1% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.0% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.

