==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1541
|1900= 1365
|1910= 1702
|1920= 1603
|1930= 1540
|1940= 1403
|1950= 1353
|1960= 1252
|1970= 1361
|1980= 1416
|1990= 1353
|2000= 1447
|2010= 1502
|2020= 1447
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,502 people, 612 households, and 414 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|754.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 666 housing units at an average density of {{convert|334.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 4.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.6% of the population.

There were 612 households, of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.4% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the city was 43.1 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,447 people, 586 households, and 407 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|853.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 650 housing units at an average density of {{convert|383.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.80% of the population.

There were 586 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $34,830, and the median income for a family was $42,273. Males had a median income of $28,452 versus $20,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,683. About 6.0% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under age 18 and 3.9% of those age 65 or over.

