==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 182
|1900= 212
|1910= 235
|1920= 141
|1930= 172
|1940= 172
|1950= 207
|1960= 303
|1970= 268
|1980= 207
|1990= 135
|2000= 94
|2010= 157
|2020= 133
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 157 people, 56 households, and 41 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|682.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 68 housing units at an average density of {{convert|295.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 56 households, of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.34.

The median age in the city was 32.5 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 94 people, 35 households, and 24&nbsp;families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,186.5&nbsp;people per square mile (453.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 36&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|454.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.36% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 9.57% from two or more races.

There were 35 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 23.4% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 40&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 84.3&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 80.5&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the city was $54,688, and the median income for a family was $66,250. Males had a median income of $44,250 versus $34,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,359. There were 3.6% of families and 7.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 8.3% of under eighteens and 21.4% of those over&nbsp;64.

