==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 474
| 1920 = 634
| 1930 = 512
| 1940 = 495
| 1950 = 397
| 1960 = 369
| 1970 = 333
| 1980 = 290
| 1990 = 320
| 2000 = 621
| 2010 = 289
| 2020 = 312
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 11, 2013}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 14, 2016|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2016|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 289 people, 141 households, and 77 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|996.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|569.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 141 households, of which 18.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.4% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the town was 51 years. 19% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.6% were from 25 to 44; 39.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 621 people, 140 households, and 99 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,150.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 166 housing units at an average density of {{convert|574.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.31% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were married couples living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 27.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 18.4% under the age of 18, 39.0% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 10.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,594, and the median income for a family was $35,500. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $45,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,571. About 14.6% of families and 20.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.7% of those under age 18 and 10.1% of those age 65 or over.

