==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 197
| 1890 = 175
| 1900 = 183
| 1910 = 256
| 1920 = 249
| 1930 = 342
| 1940 = 195
| 1950 = 199
| 1960 = 159
| 1970 = 174
| 1980 = 237
| 1990 = 251
| 2000 = 177
| 2010 = 167
| 2020 = 163
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 59 households, and 46 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 115.4 people per square mile (44.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 71 housing units at an average density of 46.3 per square mile (17.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 88.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 19.21% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 47.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.0% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 15.3% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,375, and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $35,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,604. None of the families and 4.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 54.5% of those over 64.

