==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1150
|1910= 1141
|1920= 672
|1930= 1386
|1940= 1491
|1950= 1469
|1960= 1367
|1970= 1326
|1980= 1326
|1990= 1374
|2000= 1443
|2010= 1398
|2020= 1628
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,398 people, 684 households, and 308 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|461.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 876 housing units at an average density of {{convert|289.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 684 households, of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 55.0% were non-families. 46.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89 and the average family size was 2.68.

The median age in the city was 43.2 years. 18% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,443 people, 626 households, and 321 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 566.3 people per square mile (218.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 726 housing units at an average density of 284.9 per square mile (109.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 95.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 626 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.7% were non-families. 43.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,611, and the median income for a family was $36,339. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $21,477 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,876. About 8.6% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.

