==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 106
|2000= 128
|2010= 94
|2020= 61
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Dry Creek first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 128 people, 37 households, and 30 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]]. 7.03% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 37 households, out of which 54.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.9% were non-families. 13.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.46 and the average family size was 3.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 43.8% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 14.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $12,500, and the median income for a family was $10,000. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,780. There were 62.5% of families and 69.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 73.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

Many abuses have been reported since the beginning of this religious commune.<ref>{{Cite book|isbn = 978-0692235645|title = Cult Child|last1 = Kocsis|first1 = Vennie|date = June 26, 2014}}</ref>

