==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 126
|1990= 85
|2000= 115
|2010= 92
|2020= 85
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 92 people, 38 households, and 23 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1150.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 15.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 38 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 32.6% were from 45 to 64; and 7.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 115 people, 41 households, and 27 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,639.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|627.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.87% of the population.

There were 41 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 19.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 36.5% under the age of 18, 2.6% from 18 to 24, 36.5% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 6.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,208, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $17,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,489. There were no families and 8.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under-eighteens and none of those over 64.

