==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 55 people, 26 households, and 17 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|43.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 30.8% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.44.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 14.5% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,827. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

