==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 638
|1920= 869
|1930= 777
|1940= 776
|1950= 760
|1960= 652
|1970= 539
|1980= 541
|1990= 574
|2000= 566
|2010= 517
|2020= 439
|estyear=2019
|estimate=501
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 517 people, 247 households, and 137 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|601.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 352 housing units at an average density of {{convert|409.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 247 households, of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.5% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.72.

The median age in the city was 47.5 years. 21.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 566 people, 261 households, and 149 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|651.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 353 housing units at an average density of {{convert|406.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.30% of the population.

There were 261 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,807, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $20,357 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,237. About 13.0% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.5% of those under age 18 and 19.8% of those age 65 or over.

