==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 41
|1960= 28
|1970= 26
|1980= 36
|1990= 52
|2000= 134
|2010= 96
|2020= 66
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Central first appeared on the 1950 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village.<ref>{{cite web |title=Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/41601749v2p51-54ch2.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1950}}</ref> It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980.<ref>{{cite web |title=Characteristics of the Populations - Number of Inhabitants - Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_akABCD-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=May 1982}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 134 people, 67 households, and 33 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 169 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 84.33% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 7.46% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.75% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 2.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.48% from two or more races. 0.75% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 67 households, out of which 14.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.7% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 20.1% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 41.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 135.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 143.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $60,750 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,593. There were 15.8% of families and 22.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 34.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

