==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1070
|2010= 849
|2020= 712
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Sweet Home racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0568330&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 150
| 21.07%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 500
| 70.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 4
| 0.56%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 26
| 3.65%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 32
| 4.49%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 712 people, 259 households, and 125 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,070 people, 385 households, and 267 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|272.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 463 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 24.11% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 74.02% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.37% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.40% from two or more races.  1.12% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 385 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 23.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.7% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,352, and the median income for a family was $30,781. Males had a median income of $22,069 versus $21,643 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,868.  About 21.7% of families and 25.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.3% of those under age 18 and 60.0% of those age 65 or over.

