==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 200
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 103 people, 32 households, and 30 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|67.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of 24.1 per square mile (9.3/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the CDP was 37.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 62.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 90.29% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 56.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 6.3% were non-families. 6.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.22 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 34.0% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 119.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,135, and the median income for a family was $44,135. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $50,156 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,983. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

