==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 491
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 177 people, 56 households, and 50 families living in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|210.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|76.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 56 households, of which 55.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 10.7% were non-families. 8.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 3.28.

The median age in the CDP was 29.3 years. 39% of residents were under the age of 18; 5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 13.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 133 people, 38 households, and 34 families living in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|168.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|58.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 38 households, out of which 63.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 7.9% were non-families. 7.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.50 and the average family size was 3.69.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.1% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 5.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $35,417. Males had a median income of $31,786 versus $13,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,157. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

