==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="GR8">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>
| 2000 = 2761
| 2010 = 2678
| 2020 = 2416
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,761 people, 1,120 households, and 807 families living in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 1,217.2 people per square mile (469.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,219 housing units at an average density of 537.4/sq&nbsp;mi (207.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 1,120 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.1% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,932, and the median income for a family was $35,172. Males had a median income of $30,455 versus $19,574 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,021. About 9.7% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.2% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.

