==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 537
|2000= 1016
|2010= 968
|2020= 1106
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Tiki Island racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4872989&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 22, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|965
|87.25%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|4
|0.36%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|6
|0.54%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|30
|2.71%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.09%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|29
|2.62%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|71
|6.42%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''1,106'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,106 people, 626 households, and 350 families residing in the village.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,016 people, 482 households, and 349 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,567.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 746 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,151.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.98% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.98% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.64% of the population.

There were 482 households, out of which 13.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 10.8% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 49.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $88,891, and the median income for a family was $93,129. Males had a median income of $69,792 versus $35,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $54,611. About 0.8% of families and 2.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

