==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 230
|2010= 311
|2020= 256
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 230 people, 108 households, and 65 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,172.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|601.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.43% from two or more races.

There were 108 households, out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.8% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.0% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,607, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,302. About 15.6% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 63.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.5% of those sixty five or over.

