==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 208
|1910= 268
|1920= 430
|1930= 273
|1940= 275
|1950= 207
|1960= 162
|1970= 141
|1980= 141
|1990= 136
|2000= 98
|2010= 97
|2020= 68
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 97 people, 44 households, and 29 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|303.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|178.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 44 households, of which 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 34.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 48.5 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.5% were from 25 to 44; 34% were from 45 to 64; and 24.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 98 people, 45 households, and 30 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|312.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.04% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $24,063 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,785. There were 12.9% of families and 12.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.4% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

