==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 432
|1910= 442
|1920= 455
|1930= 480
|1940= 597
|1950= 743
|1960= 819
|1970= 899
|1980= 862
|1990= 821
|2000= 873
|2010= 858
|2020= 836
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 858 people, 382 households, and 224 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|640.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|311.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 382 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.4% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 23% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 19.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 873 people, 374 households, and 235 families living in the village.  The [[population density]] was {{convert|989.0|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=on}}.  There were 405 housing units at an average density of {{convert|458.8|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=on}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 374 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.9% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 21.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $35,729, and the median income for a family was $49,875. Males had a median income of $31,765 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,140.  About 8.1% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.7% of those under age 18 and 11.1% of those age 65 or over.

