==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 158
|1930= 174
|1940= 166
|1950= 160
|1960= 100
|1970= 92
|1980= 59
|1990= 43
|2000= 28
|2010= 16
|2020= 28
|estyear=2022
|estimate=26
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 16 people, eight households, and five families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|13.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|14.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] (each person makes up 6.3% of the population).

There were 8 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.60.

The median age in the city was 55 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 31.4% were from 45 to 64; and 31.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 28 people, 14 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 22.7 people per square mile (8.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 21 housing units at an average density of 17.0 per square mile (6.6/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].{{cn|date=August 2025}}

There were 14 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.9% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 10.7% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 35.7% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 28.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $12,031, and the median income for a family was $21,250. Males had a median income of $16,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,171. There were 55.6% of families and 51.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and 20.0% of those over 64.

