==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 48
|1870= 326
|1880= 993
|1890= 1108
|1900= 1816
|1910= 1554
|1920= 1641
|1930= 1701
|1940= 1992
|1950= 2127
|1960= 2088
|1970= 1791
|1980= 1869
|1990= 1565
|2000= 1487
|2010= 1437
|2020= 1391
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1391
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 3, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 3, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,437 people, 609 households, and 379 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|633.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 688 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.5% of the population.

There were 609 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,487 people, 641 households and 398 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|675.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 705 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.67% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.75% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.66% of the population.

There were 641 households of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.83.

21.0% under of the population were the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $32,321 and the median family income was $41,420. Males had a median income of $30,375 versus $20,256 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,435. About 4.6% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

