==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 290
|1910= 448
|1920= 410
|1930= 713
|1940= 858
|1950= 1265
|1960= 2023
|1970= 2266
|1980= 2044
|1990= 2133
|2000= 2273
|2010= 2251
|2020= 2355
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the census of 2020, there were 2,355 people living in the village, for a population density of 1,985.67 people per square mile (766.48/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 800 housing units. The racial makeup of the village was 94.2% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 4.2% from two or more races. 2.9% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Terrace Park village, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Terrace_Park_village,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3976428 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 23, 2023}}</ref>

There were 648 households, out of which 50.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 11.3% had a female householder with no spouse present. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.10, and the average family size was 3.42.<ref name="2020 census"/>

35.7% of the village's population were under the age of 18, 54.3% were 18 to 64, and 10.0% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.1. For every 100 females, there were 112.7 males.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a household in the village was $183,750, and the median income for a family was $191,250. About 0.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 0.0% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over. About 67.1% of the population were employed, and 83.1% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,251 people, 758 households, and 615 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1923.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 806 housing units at an average density of {{convert|688.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 758 households, of which 48.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 73.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 18.9% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the village was 41.4 years. 35% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.3% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,273 people, 760 households, and 646 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,889.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 794 housing units at an average density of {{convert|660.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 760 households, out of which 51.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.0% were non-families. 14.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.33.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 35.6% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 99.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $95,530, and the median income for a family was $104,250. Males had a median income of $72,321 versus $41,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $42,391. About 1.7% of families and 2.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

