==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 326
|1940= 314
|1950= 254
|1960= 249
|1970= 185
|1980= 204
|1990= 152
|2000= 165
|2010= 163
|2020= 128
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 163 people, 62 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|857.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|405.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 62 households, of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.1% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.41.

The median age in the city was 30.3 years. 36.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 19.6% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 165 people, 66 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|834.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|379.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.82% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.03% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.82% of the population.

There were 66 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,500, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $24,167 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,305. About 30.8% of families and 29.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 60.0% of those 65 or over.

