==Demographics==
As of the census of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 263 people, 82 households, and 66 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|26.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 88 housing units at an average density of {{convert|9.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.80% from [[Race (United States census)|other races]], and 3.04% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.94% of the population.

There were 82 households, out of which 53.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.5% were non-families. 13.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.20 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 37.6% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $41,964, and the median income for a family was $48,854. Males had a median income of $52,708 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,147. None of the families and 13.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

