==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 97
|1900= 269
|1910= 169
|1920= 203
|1930= 284
|1940= 320
|1950= 344
|1960= 181
|1970= 231
|1980= 1434
|1990= 1057
|2000= 1254
|2010= 1057
|2020= 904
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Garysburg racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3725540&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 21
| 2.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 862
| 95.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 14
| 1.55%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 6
| 0.66%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 904 people, 414 households, and 267 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 1,057 people living in the town. The racial makeup of the town was 95.0% Black, 2.4% White, 0.9% Native American and 1.0% from two or more races. 0.8% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,254 people, 482 households, and 334 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,302.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 526 housing units at an average density of {{convert|546.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 2.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 96.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.24% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.40% of the population.

There were 482 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,604, and the median income for a family was $27,386. Males had a median income of $23,333 versus $20,682 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,172. About 22.9% of families and 28.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.8% of those under age 18 and 25.2% of those age 65 or over.

