==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 56
|1970= 115
|1980= 141
|1990= 131
|2000= 120
|2010= 161
|2020= 184
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 161 people, 61 households, and 42 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|287.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|125.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 30.4 years. 29.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.3% male and 44.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census of 2000]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 120 people, 48 households, and 33 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|244.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. 34.8% were of [[German American|German]], 28.4% [[Finnish American|Finnish]], 11.3% [[Swedish American|Swedish]], 9.2% [[Norwegian American|Norwegian]], 7.8% [[Irish American|Irish]], and 5.0% [[French American|French]] ancestry.

There were 48 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 14.2% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 140.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $30,750 versus $19,107 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,525. There were no families and 2.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.

