==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 168
|1860= 316
|1870= 476
|1880= 457
|1910= 557
|1920= 597
|1930= 538
|1940= 590
|1950= 600
|1960= 601
|1970= 577
|1980= 618
|1990= 607
|2000= 582
|2010= 611
|2020= 593
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 611 people, 249 households, and 161 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2350.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1042.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.3% from two or more races.

There were 249 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the town was 40.2 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 582 people, 233 households, and 160 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,240.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 248 housing units at an average density of {{convert|954.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.34% from two or more races.

There were 233 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 19.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,250, and the median income for a family was $53,750. Males had a median income of $30,083 versus $22,174 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,476. About 1.3% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 21.2% of those age 65 or over.

