==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 275
|1920= 341
|1930= 208
|1940= 386
|1950= 249
|1960= 212
|1970= 178
|1980= 192
|1990= 171
|2000= 160
|2010= 172
|2020= 143
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 172 people, 69 households, and 51 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2457.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 75 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1071.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.6% from two or more races.

There were 69 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.1% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the town was 37.3 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 43.0% male and 57.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 160 people, 73 households, and 42 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,363.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,196.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.62% from two or more races.

There were 73 households, out of which 17.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 18.8% from 25 to 44, 33.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,786, and the median income for a family was $42,083. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,074. About 7.0% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.2% of those 65 or over.

