==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1960
|1920= 2150
|1930= 2244
|1940= 2083
|1950= 2291
|1960= 2549
|1970= 3286
|1980= 3844
|1990= 4292
|2000= 4557
|2010= 5014
|2020= 5378
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name=wwwcensusgov>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 9, 2024}}</ref>
of 2020, there were 5,378 people, and 1,985 households in the village. The [[population density]]
was {{convert|2536.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,305 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1087.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.
The racial makeup of the village was 81.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]],
0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]],
1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 8.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]
or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.5% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/> of 2010, there were 5,014 people, 2,106 households, and 1,372 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2365.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1037.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 2,106 households, of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 39 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/> of 2000, there were 4,557 people, 1,789 households, and 1,289 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 2,387.6 people per square mile (921.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,912 housing units at an average density of 1,001.8 per square mile (386.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.14% of the population.

There were 1,789 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 31.0% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,327, and the median income for a family was $49,946. Males had a median income of $37,959 versus $21,631 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,492. About 3.5% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

