==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 1014
|1990= 1191
|2000= 992
|2010= 784
|2020= 714
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref> 1980<ref name=1980CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 1980 Census of Population - Number of Inhabitants - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_caAB-01.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref><br> 1990<ref name=1990CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 1990 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Glen Ellen first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[1980 United States census]].<ref name=1980CensusCA/>

===2020===
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Glen Ellen had a population of 714. The population density was {{convert|340.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Glen Ellen was 567 (79.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.3%) [[African Americans|African American]], 7 (1.0%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 22 (3.1%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 2 (0.3%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 39 (5.5%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 75 (10.5%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 91 persons (12.7%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Glen Ellen CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0630028 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 21, 2025}}</ref>

The census reported that 96.8% of the population lived in households, 3.2% lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 316 households, out of which 54 (17.1%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 153 (48.4%) were married-couple households, 22 (7.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 85 (26.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 56 (17.7%) had a male householder with no partner present. 96 households (30.4%) were one person, and 58 (18.4%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.19.<ref name=DP1/> There were 196 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (62.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Glen Ellen CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0630028 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 21, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 80 people (11.2%) under the age of 18, 33 people (4.6%) aged 18 to 24, 148 people (20.7%) aged 25 to 44, 201 people (28.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 252 people (35.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 56.8{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 94.6 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 408 housing units at an average density of {{convert|194.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 316 (77.5%) were occupied. Of these, 217 (68.7%) were owner-occupied, and 99 (31.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

===2010===
The [[2010 United States census]]<ref name="USCensus-2010CA">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0630028|archive-url=https://archive.today/20140715025140/http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0630028|url-status=dead|archive-date=July 15, 2014|title=2010 Census Interactive Population Search: CA - Glen Ellen CDP|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=July 12, 2014}}</ref> reported that Glen Ellen had a population of 784. The population density was {{convert|372.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Glen Ellen was 693 (88.4%) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3 (0.4%) [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 9 (1.1%) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 16 (2.0%) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3 (0.4%) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 18 (2.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 42 (5.4%) from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 67 persons (8.5%).

The Census reported that 98.3% of the population lived in households and 1.7% lived in non-institutionalized group quarters.

There were 364 households, out of which 74 (20.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 172 (47.3%) were [[marriage|opposite-sex married couples]] living together, 26 (7.1%) had a female householder with no husband present, 14 (3.8%) had a male householder with no wife present.  There were 23 (6.3%) [[POSSLQ|unmarried opposite-sex partnerships]], and 6 (1.6%) [[same-sex partnerships|same-sex married couples or partnerships]]. 122 households (33.5%) were made up of individuals, and 34 (9.3%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12.  There were 212 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (58.2% of all households); the average family size was 2.67.

The population was spread out, with 126 people (16.1%) under the age of 18, 37 people (4.7%) aged 18 to 24, 142 people (18.1%) aged 25 to 44, 376 people (48.0%) aged 45 to 64, and 103 people (13.1%) who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 51.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

There were 421 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, of which 60.4% were owner-occupied and 39.6% were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.3%; the rental vacancy rate was 4.0%. 60.5% of the population lived in owner-occupied housing units and 37.9% lived in rental housing units.

