==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2010= 875
|2020= 980
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Crowley Lake first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Crowley Lake had a population of 980. The population density was {{convert|339.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Crowley Lake was 751 (76.6%) [[White Americans|White]], 5 (0.5%) [[African Americans|African American]], 4 (0.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 12 (1.2%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 4 (0.4%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 89 (9.1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 115 (11.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 182 persons (18.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Crowley Lake CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0617372 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 12, 2025}}</ref>

The census reported that 972 people (99.2% of the population) lived in households, 8 (0.8%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 402 households, out of which 124 (30.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 219 (54.5%) were married-couple households, 23 (5.7%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 84 (20.9%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 76 (18.9%) had a male householder with no partner present. 98 households (24.4%) were one person, and 49 (12.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.42.<ref name=DP1/> There were 274 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (68.2% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Crowley Lake CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0617372 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 12, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 221 people (22.6%) under the age of 18, 62 people (6.3%) aged 18 to 24, 227 people (23.2%) aged 25 to 44, 283 people (28.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 187 people (19.1%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 42.9{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 116.8 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 538 housing units at an average density of {{convert|186.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 402 (74.7%) were occupied. Of these, 291 (72.4%) were owner-occupied, and 111 (27.6%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

