==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1848
|1880= 3007
|1890= 3674
|1900= 4814
|1910= 5969
|1920= 8101
|1930= 8628
|1940= 8149
|1950= 9210
|1960= 8765
|1970= 8704
|1980= 7730
|1990= 6734
|2000= 6380
|2010= 5919
|2020= 5540
|estyear=2021
|estimate=5499
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|df=mdy-all}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|df=mdy-all }}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013|df=mdy-all}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 6,380 people, 2,464 households, and 1,471 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,038.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,723 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,398.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.77% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.82% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.49% of the population.

The leading ancestries in Greenville are German at 28%, Irish at 12%, English at 12% and Italian at 10%.

There were 2,464 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.3% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 16.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 89.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.6 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $38,869. Males had a median income of $31,324 versus $19,293 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,969. About 10.6% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.

