==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 91
|1950= 527
|1960= 516
|1970= 520
|1980= 614
|1990= 582
|2000= 548
|2010= 600
|2020= 515
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 600 people, 254 households, and 140 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|319.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 334 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.83% of the population.

There were 254 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 41.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 548 people, 256 households, and 142 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|290.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 316 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 256 households, of which 19.9% included children of 18 or fewer years, 44.5% comprised [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% included a female householder with no husband present, and 44.5% were non-families. 41.8% of all households comprised a sole person, and 23.8% comprised a sole person of 65 or more years of age. The average household size was 2.09 people and the average family size was 2.85 people.

In the city, the population comprised 19.5% under the age of 18, 7.5% aged from 18 to 24, 25.9% aged from 25 to 44, 22.3% aged from 45 to 64, and 24.8% of 65 or more years of age. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 80.0 males.

The median income for an urban household was $17,422, and the median income for a city-dwelling family was $21,607. City-dwelling males had a median income of $20,250, versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,696. Approximately 23.8% of families and 31.4% of the population as a whole were classified as living below the poverty line, including 41.7% of those aged 18 years or younger, and 21.7% of those aged 65 years or older.

