==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 961
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 306 people, 113 households, and 91 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|57.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of 23.4/sq&nbsp;mi (9.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 59.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 34.97% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.27% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 38.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.6% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 12.7% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,313, and the median income for a family was $45,729. Males had a median income of $14,796 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,872. About 7.0% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

