==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 348
|1900= 543
|1910= 434
|1920= 274
|1930= 328
|1940= 373
|1950= 283
|1960= 213
|1970= 192
|1980= 189
|1990= 143
|2000= 162
|2010= 112
|2020= 123
|estyear=2021
|estimate=121
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 112 people, 56 households, and 31 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|361.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]].

There were 56 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.6% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.65.

The median age in the village was 56 years. 11.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17% were from 25 to 44; 34% were from 45 to 64; and 30.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 44.6% male and 55.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 162 people, 68 households, and 43 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|521.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.06% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 68 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $28,000. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,999. About 12.5% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.7% of those 65 or over.

