==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 217
|1910= 175
|1920= 215
|1930= 192
|1940= 222
|1950= 179
|1960= 148
|1970= 138
|1980= 129
|1990= 107
|2000= 102
|2010= 68
|2020= 73
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 68 people, 40 households, and 17 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|219.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 40 households, of which 12.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 57.5% were non-families. 52.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the city was 50.7 years. 13.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.7% were from 25 to 44; 38.2% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.4% male and 42.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 102 people, 51 households, and 26 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|346.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 51 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.1% were non-families. 47.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,979, and the median income for a family was $32,000. Males had a median income of $23,611 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,171. There were 23.5% of families and 21.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of under eighteens and 55.2% of those over 64.

