==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 147
|1900= 554
|1910= 891
|1920= 1045
|1930= 1002
|1940= 1162
|1950= 1142
|1960= 1245
|1970= 1202
|1980= 1241
|1990= 1287
|2000= 1266
|2010= 1214
|2020= 1356
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,214 people, 483 households, and 309 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|814.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 578 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.3% of the population.

There were 483 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 32.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 35.1 years. 28.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,266 people, 525 households, and 345 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|866.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 574 housing units at an average density of {{convert|392.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 94.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.82% of the population.

There were 525 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,750, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $26,583 versus $22,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,703.  About 15.5% of families and 18.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.8% of those under age 18 and 1.9% of those age 65 or over.

