==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1860= 885
|1870= 2655
|1880= 4171
|1890= 5219
|1900= 4646
|1910= 5629
|1920= 4920
|1930= 5030
|1940= 5362
|1950= 5055
|1960= 4805
|1970= 4667
|1980= 4505
|1990= 4474
|2000= 4708
|2010= 4513
|2020= 4609
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
The table with historical census data<ref name=RecPlan>{{Cite web |url=http://www.cityofoconto.org/Parks_Rec/files/Download/2009-14OutdoorRecplan.pdf |title=City of Oconto Comprehensive Outdoor Recreation Plan, Population Trends Table 2A and WDOA Population Projections Table 2B. |access-date=2010-08-03 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20110725173213/http://www.cityofoconto.org/Parks_Rec/files/Download/2009-14OutdoorRecplan.pdf |archive-date=2011-07-25 |url-status=dead }}</ref> indicates that the population has remained relatively flat throughout the 20th century.

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5559350">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Oconto city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5559350&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=6 August 2022}}</ref> the population was 4,609. The [[population density]] was {{convert|679.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.5% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 3.1% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 4,513 people, 1,872 households, and 1,172 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|657.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,094 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 1,872 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.4% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 39.6 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 4,708 people, 1,870 households, and 1,221 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 683.7 people per square mile (263.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,040 housing units at an average density of 296.2 per square mile (114.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.06% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. 0.79% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,870 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.8% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,589, and the median income for a family was $43,676. Males had a median income of $27,455 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,717. About 5.2% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.

