==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 49
| 1920 = 192
| 1930 = 210
| 1940 = 197
| 1950 = 185
| 1960 = 131
| 1970 = 141
| 1980 = 225
| 1990 = 269
| 2000 = 305
| 2010 = 377
| 2020 = 383
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 377 people, 137 households, and 102 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|311.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 137 households, of which 42.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.5% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.16.

The median age in the village was 35.2 years. 28.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 305 people, 109 households, and 75 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 256.2 people per square mile (99.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 111 housing units at an average density of 93.2 per square mile (36.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 109 households, out of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 34.8% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,500, and the median income for a family was $50,750. Males had a median income of $36,667 versus $21,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,261. None of the families and 1.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.5% of those over 64.

