==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| footnote = US Decennial Census<ref name="GR1">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/gazetteer-files.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2011-04-23|date=2011-02-12|title=US Gazetteer files: 2010, 2000, and 1990}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: North Omak, Washington |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=North%20Omak%20CDP,%20Washington |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 12, 2024}}</ref>
|align=left
| 1990 = 515
| 2000 = 688
| 2010 = 688
| 2020 = 651
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 688 people, 207 households, and 166 families residing in the CDP, with 61.4 people per square mile (23.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 220 housing units at an average density of 19.6/sq&nbsp;mi (7.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 13.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 73.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.68% of the population.

There were 207 households, out of which 53.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 30.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.8% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.32 and the average family size was 3.51.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 39.4% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 31.7% from 25 to 44, 15.7% from 45 to 64, and 3.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $25,500, and the median income for a family was $22,788. Males had a median income of $20,227 versus $23,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,971. About 33.0% of families and 39.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

