==Demographics==
{{update section|date=September 2025}}
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 290
|1950= 294
|1960= 248
|1970= 242
|1980= 318
|1990= 253
|2000= 246
|2010= 227
|2020= 195
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>{{better source needed|date=September 2025}}
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref>{{better source needed|date=September 2025}} of 2000, there were 246 people, 97 households, and 67 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|441.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|183.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 97 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 32.9% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $29,844 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,652. About 4.2% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.4% of those 65 or over.

