==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 992
|2020= 1078
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 992 people, 524 households, and 273 families residing in the CDP. There were 1,042 housing units, of which 518, or 49.7%, were vacant. 429 of the vacant units were seasonal or vacation properties. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.7% [[White Americans|white]], 0.1% [[African American]], 0.2% [[Native Americans of the United States|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asia]]n, and 0.8% from two or more races. 0.7% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3368340| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Seabrook Beach CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 24, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213153919/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3368340| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 524 households in the CDP, 10.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were headed by married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.9% were non-families. 41.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.89, and the average family size was 2.51.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

9.2% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 5.7% were from age 18 to 24, 14.6% were from 25 to 44, 39.2% were from 45 to 64, and 31.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $66,318, and the median income for a family was $81,283. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $45,450.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3368340| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Seabrook Beach CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 24, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213091335/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3368340| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

