==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1910= 416
|1920= 417
|1930= 358
|1940= 365
|1950= 413
|1960= 463
|1970= 561
|1980= 559
|1990= 520
|2000= 562
|2010= 477
|2020= 503
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | access-date = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 477 people, 161 households, and 121 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|769.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 161 households, of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.8% were non-families. 19.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.39.

The median age in the town was 32.9 years. 32.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 9.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 562 people, 183 households, and 150 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|898.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|303.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.25% of the population.

There were 183 households, out of which 45.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.5% were non-families. 13.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.07 and the average family size was 3.40.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.5% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,000, and the median income for a family was $50,972. Males had a median income of $35,313 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,169. About 4.2% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

