==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= right
|1880|501
|1890|1058
|1900|1703
|1910|2290
|1920|1746
|1930|1571
|1940|1539
|1950|1223
|1960|1117
|1970|931
|1980|1036
|1990|869
|2000|810
|2010|701
|2020|634
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=[http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 634 people, 274 households, and 167 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 265.0 inhabitants per square mile (102.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 312 housing units at an average density of 130.4 per square mile (50.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.8% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 5.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 1.6% of the population.

Of the 274 households, 27.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% were cohabitating couples, 33.2% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 21.5% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 39.1% of all households were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 26.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 5.5% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 21.0% were from 25 and 44; 26.7% were from 45 and 64; and 20.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 701 people, 295 households, and 192 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|298.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 348 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 295 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.9% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 47.1 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 24.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 810 people, 336 households, and 219 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|344.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 393 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.99% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.10% of the population.

There were 336 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,172, and the median income for a family was $32,692. Males had a median income of $24,531 versus $20,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,581. About 12.7% of families and 22.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.3% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

