==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 446
|1920= 204
|1930= 79
|1940= 68
|1950= 65
|1960= 68
|1970= 72
|1980= 84
|1990= 80
|2000= 123
|2010= 106
|2020= 80
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref name=":0" /> there were 80 people, 32 households, and 14 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|1,538.46|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|807.69|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.50% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.75% were married couples living together, none had a female householder with no husband present, and 56.25% were non-families. 40.63% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 1.78.

The village's age distribution consisted of 0.0% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 42.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $91,250, and the median income for a family was $98,500. Males had a median income of $62,917 versus $16,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $41,647.None of the population was below the [[poverty line]].

