==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 22
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 7 people, 3 households, and 0 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|55.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3 housing units at an average density of {{convert|23.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 3 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 66.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.9% under the age of 18, 42.9% from 18 to 24, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 21 years. For every 100 females, there were 250.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $4,583, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $4,700. There were no families living below the [[poverty line]] and 66.7% of the population, including none under 18 and none of those over 64.

