==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 81
|1930= 96
|1940= 82
|1950= 67
|1960= 73
|1970= 67
|1980= 46
|1990= 49
|2000= 38
|2010= 36
|2020= 33
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 36 people, 18 households, and 9 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|360.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the village was 44.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 38 people, 18 households, and 9 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|400.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 15.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $27,292, and the median income for a family was $45,417. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,225. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

