==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 324
|1930= 305
|1940= 244
|1950= 212
|1960= 225
|1970= 211
|1980= 238
|1990= 244
|2000= 221
|2010= 207
|2020= 211
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 207 people, 90 households, and 52 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|796.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|396.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 44.8 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 21.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 221 people, 100 households, and 60 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|863.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 113 housing units at an average density of {{convert|441.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.90% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.71% from two or more races.

There were 100 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.0% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,313, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $23,500 versus $20,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,303. About 12.7% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 11.9% of those 65 or over.

