==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 772 people, 306 households, and 230 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|131.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 319 housing units at an average density of {{convert|54.3|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.78% from two or more races.

There were 306 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,708, and the median income for a family was $46,500. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,729. About 2.2% of families and 1.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.3% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

