==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = right
| 1840 = 727
| 1850 = 1073
| 1860 = 1701
| 1870 = 1640
| 1880 = 1614
| 1890 = 1637
| 1900 = 1754
| 1910 = 2248
| 1920 = 2696
| 1930 = 2772
| 1940 = 2710
| 1950 = 2685
| 1960 = 2439
| 1970 = 2375
| 1980 = 2381
| 2000 = 1962
| 2010 = 1813
| 2020 = 1736
| estyear = 2023
| estimate = 1693
|estref={{decrease}}
|
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,962 people, 878 households, and 532 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,697.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 944 housing units at an average density of {{convert|816.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 98.42% White, 0.25% African American, 0.25% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.41% from other races, and 0.61% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 878 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $28,565, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $31,397 versus $21,690 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,845. About 8.0% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

