==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 152
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 190 people, 57 households, and 44 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|794.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|259.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.74% from two or more races.

There were 57 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the village the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,625, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,370. About 23.8% of families and 30.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 56.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

