==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 44
|1930= 15
|1940= 71
|1950= 63
|1960= 44
|1970= 51
|1980= 103
|1990= 161
|2000= 137
|2010= 192
|2020= 161
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Hope first appeared on the 1920 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. In 1980 it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 137 people, 77 households, and 35 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|2.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 175 housing units at an average density of {{convert|3.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.97% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.73% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.19% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 1.46% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 3.65% from two or more races. 2.19% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 77 households, out of which 15.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.5% were non-families. 53.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.78 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 16.1% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 40.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,786, and the median income for a family was $24,432. Males had a median income of >$0 versus $37,656 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,079. There were none of the families and 11.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100.0% of those over 64.

