==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 246
|2020= 248
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Three Rocks first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Three Rocks had a population of 248. The population density was {{convert|330.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Three Rocks was 35 (14.1%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 7 (2.8%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 165 (66.5%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 40 (16.1%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 245 persons (98.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Three Rocks CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0678652 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households.    There were 63 households, out of which 22 (34.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 34 (54.0%) were married-couple households, 3 (4.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 6 (9.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 20 (31.7%) had a male householder with no partner present. 18 households (28.6%) were one person, and 4 (6.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.94.<ref name=DP1/> There were 41 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (65.1% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Three Rocks CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0678652 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 4, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 71 people (28.6%) under the age of 18, 29 people (11.7%) aged 18 to 24, 72 people (29.0%) aged 25 to 44, 61 people (24.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 15 people (6.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 35.0{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 106.7 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 63 (96.9%) were occupied. Of these, 28 (44.4%) were owner-occupied, and 35 (55.6%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

