==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = right
| 1880 = 194
| 1900 = 1286
| 1910 = 1668
| 1920 = 2353
| 1930 = 3878
| 1940 = 3921
| 1950 = 5246
| 1960 = 6729
| 1970 = 7229
| 1980 = 6647
| 1990 = 6162
| 2000 = 5985
| 2010 = 5890
| 2020 = 5943
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 5969
|estref={{increase}}
| footnote = Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/norwoodboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2020 census, the racial makeup of the borough was 91.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] 0.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race comprised 5.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=QuickFacts: Norwood borough, Pennsylvania |url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/norwoodboroughpennsylvania/POP010220 |access-date=2025-06-13 |website=census.gov}}</ref> This is compared to the 2010 census, where the racial makeup of the borough was 95.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more race, with [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race composing 1.4% of the population <ref>{{Cite web | title=American FactFinder - Results | url=https://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?src=CF | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20141129082905/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?src=CF | access-date=2025-05-30 | archive-date=2014-11-29}}</ref>{{dead link|date=June 2020|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 5,985 people, 2,286 households, and 1,536 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|7,484.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,363 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,955.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 2,286 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 26.3% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.8 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $47,043, and the median income for a family was $54,983. Males had a median income of $41,667 versus $28,315 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $20,513. About 4.6% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.

