==Demographics==
{{US Census population|align=left
|1940= 211
|1950= 221
|1960= 176
|1970= 189
|1980= 232
|1990= 224
|2000= 332
|2010= 448
|2020= 372
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the 2010 [[census]], there were 448 people, 115 households, and 84 families residing in LaGrange. The [[population density]] in the town was {{convert|1092.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 135 housing units of an average density of {{convert|329.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of LaGrange was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race made up 7.1% of the population.<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |accessdate=December 14, 2012 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

LaGrange had 115 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them; 69.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.0% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.11.

The town's [[median age]] was 22.1 years. 17.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 41.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.6% were from 25 to 44; 17.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.<ref name="GR2" />

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 332 people, 86 households, and 57 families residing in LaGrange. The [[population density]] was {{convert|884.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 108 housing units with an average density of {{convert|287.7|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.60% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race made up 7.53% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 86 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them; 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.40.<ref name="GR2" />

In the town, 21.7% of the population was under the age of 18, 39.8% from 18 to 24 years of age, 16.9% from 25 to 44, 10.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% 65 or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the town was $18,750, and the median family income was $27,917. Males had a median income of $16,875 and females $11,250. The town [[per capita income]] was $8,056. About 28.3% of families and 24.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.3% of those under age 18 and 14.3% of those 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

