==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 135
|1890= 170
|1900= 338
|1910= 212
|1920= 270
|1930= 285
|1940= 323
|1950= 281
|1960= 226
|1970= 203
|1980= 201
|1990= 150
|2000= 146
|2010= 147
|2020= 111
|estyear=2022
|estimate=110
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 7, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 7, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name ="census 2020">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=August 31, 2022}}</ref> there were 111 people, 54 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|115.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|75|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 54 households, of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.8% were non-families. 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.38.

The median age in the city was 50.8 years. 19.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 37.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 147 people, 61 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|151.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.4% of the population.

There were 61 households, of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.22.

The median age in the city was 44.1 years. 26.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.7% were from 25 to 44; 36% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 146 people, 67 households, and 38 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|134.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 73 housing units at an average density of {{convert|67.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 67 households, out of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were married couples living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.8% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 2.7% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $16,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,184. There were 7.5% of families and 12.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.8% of under eighteens and 12.5% of those over 64.

