==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 207
|1900= 200
|1910= 403
|1920= 528
|1930= 618
|1940= 556
|1950= 570
|1960= 584
|1970= 570
|1980= 617
|1990= 607
|2000= 519
|2010= 575
|2020= 554
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 575 people, 246 households, and 126 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1045.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 287 housing units at an average density of {{convert|521.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There was 246 households, of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% are [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.8% were non-families. 48.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the village was 56.7 years. 15.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 40.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.1% male and 53.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 519 people, 232 households, and 122 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|934.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 286 housing units at an average density of {{convert|514.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.19% from two or more races.

There were 232 households, out of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.4% were non-families. 45.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 34.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.2% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 16.2% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 45.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 59 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $21,667, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $22,031 versus $12,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,128. About 4.7% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.9% of those under age 18 and 19.0% of those age 65 or over.

