==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 273
|1920= 653
|1930= 695
|1940= 994
|1950= 733
|1960= 612
|1970= 642
|1980= 623
|1990= 553
|2000= 549
|2010= 409
|2020= 379
|estyear=2022
|estimate=369
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 17, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 17, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 409 people, 191 households, and 95 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1363.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 224 housing units at an average density of {{convert|746.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 191 households, of which 15.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.3% were non-families. 45.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.57.

The median age in the city was 60.8 years. 14.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.7% were from 25 to 44; 26.7% were from 45 to 64; and 45.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 549 people, 216 households, and 136 families residing in Strasburg. The population density was {{convert|1,823.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|813.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.28% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.01% of the population.

There were 216 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.81.

The population of Strasburg was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 3.5% from 18 to 24, 16.9% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 40.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.9 males.

The median income for a household was $25,417, and the median income for a family was $34,688. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $16,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for Strasburg was $15,186. About 7.8% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 35.0% of those age 65 or over.

