==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 64
|1850= 528
|1860= 570
|1870= 513
|1880= 652
|1890= 865
|1900= 845
|1910= 971
|1920= 885
|1930= 932
|1940= 938
|1950= 968
|1960= 983
|1970= 1017
|1980= 956
|1990= 802
|2000= 696
|2010= 671
|2020= 559
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 671 people, 278 households, and 174 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1973.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 305 housing units at an average density of {{convert|897.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 278 households, of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.4% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 36 years. 27.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 696 people, 283 households, and 198 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,241.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 318 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,023.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.75% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.14% of the population.

There were 283 households, out of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 84.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,611, and the median income for a family was $27,083. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $18,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,703. About 23.3% of families and 25.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.9% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those age 65 or over.

