==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 398
|1870= 174
|1880= 236
|1890= 329
|1900= 398
|1910= 336
|1920= 327
|1930= 799
|1940= 588
|1950= 1789
|1960= 1828
|1970= 2183
|1980= 2155
|1990= 1923
|2000= 1544
|2010= 1537
|2020= 1129
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1112
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,537 people, 540 households, and 250 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1537.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 624 housing units at an average density of {{convert|624.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 540 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 29.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.7% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 24 years. 14.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 38.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 15.7% were from 45 to 64; and 11.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,544 people, 527 households, and 235 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,428.7 inhabitants per square mile (552.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 654 housing units at an average density of 605.2 per square mile (233.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 92.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.58% of the population.

There were 527 households, out of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.4% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.9% under the age of 18, 43.1% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 14.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,243, and the median income for a family was $33,036. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $18,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,304. About 21.5% of families and 38.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.9% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.

