==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1172
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
{{See also|List of Massachusetts locations by per capita income}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,202 people, 542 households, and 337 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 450.6/km{{sup|2}} (1,172.2/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 640 housing units at an average density of 239.9/km{{sup|2}} (624.1/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.25% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.33% of the population.

There were 542 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 30.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $59,583, and the median income for a family was $82,503. Males had a median income of $41,587 versus $36,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $40,856. About 3.3% of families and 1.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.

