==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 238
|1920= 412
|1930= 275
|1940= 358
|1950= 332
|1960= 344
|1970= 308
|1980= 332
|1990= 375
|2000= 364
|2010= 390
|2020= 377
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 390 people, 173 households, and 102 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|419.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|233.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 173 households, of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 364 people, 162 households, and 109 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|388.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 162 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 4.1% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,771, and the median income for a family was $35,938. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,259.  About 11.7% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

