==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 124
|1910= 155
|1920= 128
|1930= 138
|1940= 121
|1950= 113
|1960= 162
|1970= 95
|1980= 89
|1990= 89
|2000= 95
|2010= 95
|2020= 82
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 95 people, 33 households, and 24 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|558.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|235.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 80.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 31.6% of the population.

There were 33 households, of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.50.

The median age in the village was 36.9 years. 20% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 95 people, 32 households, and 19 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|558.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|211.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 82.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 17.89% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 29.47% of the population.

There were 32 households, out of which 40.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.97 and the average family size was 4.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 34.7% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 144.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $40,625, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,374. There were no families and 7.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 80.0% of those over 64.

