==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 157
| 1890 = 93
| 1900 = 232
| 1910 = 188
| 1920 = 252
| 1930 = 300
| 1940 = 453
| 1950 = 495
| 2000 = 469
| 2010 = 458
| 2020 = 528
| footnote = Source: U.S. Census Bureau<ref name=census>{{cite web | url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html | title = Census of Population and Housing | publisher = U.S. Census Bureau | accessdate = October 20, 2011}}</ref>}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 469 people, 129 households, and 110 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 236.8 people per square mile (91.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 134 housing units at an average density of 67.7/sq&nbsp;mi (26.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 11.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.86% of the population.

There were 129 households, out of which 45.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.7% were non-families. 13.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.64 and the average family size was 4.01.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,646, and the median income for a family was $38,958. Males had a median income of $28,929 versus $37,692 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,314. About 6.0% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.8% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

