==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1990= 195
|2000= 297
|2010= 533
|2020= 468
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the census of 2010, there were 533 people, 44 households, and 26 families residing in the city. 439 people (82% of the population) lived in group quarters, i.e. college dormitories. The population density was {{convert|1,196|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% [[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander]], and 0.4% from two or more races.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2161374| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Pippa Passes city, Kentucky| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=March 6, 2019| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213121637/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US2161374| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 44 households in the city, 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.9% were non-families. 11.3% of households were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14, and the average family size was 2.88.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

5.1% of the city population were under the age of 18, 74.8% were from 18 to 24, 7.6% were from 25 to 44, 9.6% were from 45 to 64, and 2.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.2 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2013–17, the estimated median annual income for a household in the city was $65,500, and the median income for a family was $76,250. Male full-time workers had a median income of $33,750 versus $21,591 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city, including the non-household population, was $9,432.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/17_5YR/DP03/1600000US2161374| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213091556/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/17_5YR/DP03/1600000US2161374| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 13, 2020| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2013-2017 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Pippa Passes city, Kentucky| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| access-date=March 6, 2019}}</ref>

