==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 429
|1920= 654
|1930= 610
|1940= 871
|1950= 1017
|1960= 1012
|1970= 990
|1980= 978
|1990= 853
|2000= 755
|2010= 739
|2020= 758
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 739 people, 345 households, and 192 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|947.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 418 housing units at an average density of {{convert|535.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 345 households, of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.3% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the city was 54 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 33.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.2% male and 55.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 755 people, 367 households, and 209 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|974.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 412 housing units at an average density of {{convert|531.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.66% of the population.

There were 367 [[household]]s, out of which 18.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 39.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 17.7% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 35.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,063, and the median income for a family was $33,472. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $18,056 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,919.  13.5% of the population and 8.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]].  Out of the total people living in [[poverty]], 28.6% of those under the age of 18 and 9.1% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

