==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
| 2010=451
| 2020=188
}}
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Keswick had a population of 188. The population density was {{convert|55.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Keswick was 145 (77.1%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 12 (6.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1 (0.5%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1 (0.5%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 29 (15.4%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 21 persons (11.2%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Keswick CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0638352 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 83 households, out of which 21 (25.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 44 (53.0%) were married-couple households, 10 (12.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 15 (18.1%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 14 (16.9%) had a male householder with no partner present. 15 households (18.1%) were one person, and 11 (13.3%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.27.<ref name=DP1/> There were 60 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (72.3% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Keswick CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0638352 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 39 people (20.7%) under the age of 18, 11 people (5.9%) aged 18 to 24, 31 people (16.5%) aged 25 to 44, 50 people (26.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 57 people (30.3%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 51.0{{nbsp}}years. There were 90 males and 98 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 99 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 83 (83.8%) were occupied, all by homeowners.<ref name=DP1/>

