==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 241
|1920= 294
|1930= 258
|1940= 242
|1950= 272
|1960= 309
|1970= 215
|1980= 214
|1990= 169
|2000= 146
|2010= 133
|2020= 125
|estyear=2022
|estimate=124
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 23, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 133 people, 64 households, and 36 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|158.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|96.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.5% from two or more races.

There were 64 households, of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 15% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 29.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 146 people, 71 households, and 40 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|174.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.68% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.68% from two or more races.

There were 71 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.2% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 19.9% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $39,000 versus $34,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $31,041. There were 10.4% of families and 22.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 25.6% of under eighteens and 27.9% of those over 64.

