==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 143
|1890= 519
|1900= 814
|1910= 733
|1920= 921
|1930= 962
|1940= 1081
|1950= 1152
|1960= 1131
|1970= 995
|1980= 1050
|1990= 950
|2000= 891
|2010= 909
|2020= 896
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 896 people, 381 households, and 237 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 667.0 inhabitants per square mile (257.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 421 housing units at an average density of 313.4 per square mile (121.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 93.3% [[White Americans|White]], 1.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.3% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 1.3% from other races, and 3.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.8% of the population.

Of the 381 households, 31.2% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% were cohabiting couples, 26.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present, and 18.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 37.8% of all households were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 23.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 6.9% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 909 people, 392 households, and 247 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|658.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 444 housing units at an average density of {{convert|321.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 392 households, of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19, and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 43.9 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 23.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 891 people, 391 households, and 233 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|643.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 437 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanics]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 391 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 36.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17, and the average family size was 2.86.

21.5% are under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 28.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,304, and the median income for a family was $40,982. Males had a median income of $30,134 versus $20,694 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,791. About 5.2% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.8% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

