==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 328
|1930= 285
|1940= 265
|1950= 323
|1960= 375
|1970= 332
|1980= 360
|1990= 316
|2000= 337
|2010= 332
|2020= 361
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 337 people, 124 households, and 90 families residing in the village. Cows and dogs far outnumbered people. The population density was {{convert|1,147.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 144 housing units at an average density of {{convert|490.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.005% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.59% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.78% from two or more races. 1.19% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 124 households, out of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $17,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,190. 12.1% of the population and 12.2% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 18.3% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

