==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 807
|1890= 932
|1900= 1135
|1910= 1393
|1920= 1666
|1930= 1722
|1940= 1767
|1950= 2000
|1960= 2167
|1970= 2047
|1980= 1824
|1990= 2166
|2000= 2102
|2010= 2012
|2020= 1780
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,102 people, 830 households, and 557 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,758.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 915 housing units at an average density of {{convert|765.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 89.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.05% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.38% of the population.

There were 830 households, out of which 38.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,156, and the median income for a family was $34,609. Males had a median income of $33,043 versus $18,971 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,915. About 9.2% of families and 10.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

