==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 61
|1910= 77
|1920= 99
|1930= 119
|1940= 94
|1950= 151
|1960= 192
|1970= 213
|1980= 228
|1990= 166
|2000= 196
|2010= 196
|2020= 167
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 196 people and 118 households in Autryville. The racial makeup of the town was 87.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1% of the population.

According to the 2000 Census, there were 97 households, out of which 20.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,719, and the median income for a family was $28,333. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,132. About 8.6% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 23.2% of those 65 or over.
{{clear left}}

