==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 353
|1920= 343
|1930= 313
|1940= 449
|1950= 475
|1960= 420
|1970= 416
|1980= 337
|1990= 196
|2000= 159
|2010= 100
|2020= 91
|estyear=2022
|estimate=90
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 2, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 2, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 16, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 100 people, 58 households, and 26 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|217.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|230.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 58 households, of which 12.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 55.2% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 32.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.72 and the average family size was 2.46.

The median age in the city was 52.6 years. 13% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 40% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 159 people, 78 households, and 42 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|352.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|253.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.89% of the population.

There were 78 households, out of which 14.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 44.9% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 39.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,281, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,706. None of the families and 0.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 2.4% of those over 64.

