==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,350 people, 581 households, and 415 families living in the community. The [[population density]] was 262.8 people per square mile (101.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 614 housing units at an average density of 119.5/sq&nbsp;mi (46.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the community was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 581 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.75.

The community's age distribution is 19.7% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the community was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $29,808. Males had a median income of $25,568 versus $21,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the community was $14,002. About 16.5% of families and 18.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

