==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1018
|1890= 1381
|1900= 1380
|1910= 1679
|1920= 1625
|1930= 1588
|1940= 1230
|1950= 1551
|1960= 1788
|1970= 1868
|1980= 1882
|1990= 1890
|2000= 1802
|2010= 1811
|2020= 1754
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,802 people, 788 households, and 464 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,422.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 846 housing units at an average density of {{convert|668.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.61% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 788 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.0% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.95.<ref name="GR2" />

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the village was $36,367, and the median income for a family was $49,200. Males had a median income of $31,019 versus $23,077 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,388. About 7.6% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

