==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 6447
|2010= 6937
|2020= 9244
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name=2020Census>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Terrace_Heights_CDP,_Washington?g=160XX00US5370805|title= 2020 Census Data|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=August 8, 2023}}</ref>
}}

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2007, there were 8,031 people, 3,754 households, and 2,005 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 816.3 people per square mile (315.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,609 housing units at an average density of 330.3/sq&nbsp;mi (127.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 6.03% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.06% of the population.

There were 3,754 households, out of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.0% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 24.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $47,601, and the median income for a family was $53,938. Males had a median income of $39,813 versus $26,925 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $21,542. About 5.3% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

