==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 867
|1890= 1010
|1900= 963
|1910= 1357
|1920= 1385
|1930= 1593
|1940= 1703
|1950= 1763
|1960= 1698
|1970= 1607
|1980= 1343
|1990= 1635
|2000= 1440
|2010= 1957
|2020= 1846
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,957 people, 868 households, and 501 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|954.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 935 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 868 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.3% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the village was 48.9 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 26.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,441 people, 606 households, and 369 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|957.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 649 housing units at an average density of {{convert|431.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.07% of the population.

There were 606 households, out of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.4% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 82.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $33,382, and the median income for a family was $41,515. Males had a median income of $30,772 versus $22,778 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,246. About 4.5% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 3.2% of those age 65 or over.

