==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 567
| 2010 = 676
| 2020 = 527
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 567 people, 214 households, and 105 families residing in the former town. The [[population density]] was 1,768.6 inhabitants per square mile (684.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 257 housing units at an average density of 801.6 per square mile (310.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 81.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 16.93% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.9% were non-families. 44.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.81.

The age distribution was 16.4% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $16,384, and the median income for a family was $16,477. Males had a median income of $12,202 versus $16,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,746. About 43.5% of families and 51.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 74.7% of those under age 18 and 41.5% of those age 65 or over.

