==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 348
|1890= 338
|1900= 380
|1910= 609
|1920= 1199
|1930= 1202
|1940= 1009
|1950= 933
|1960= 895
|1970= 859
|1980= 830
|1990= 675
|2000= 525
|2010= 528
|2020= 504
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=March 22, 2022}}</ref><ref name="GR2" /><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 525 people, 209 households and 158 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|843.6|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. There were 241 housing units at an average density of {{convert|387.2|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.33% from two or more races.

There were 209 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.4% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.88.

20.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $30,909 and the median family income was $38,000. Males had a median income of $26,792 compared with $18,409 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $16,745. About 3.2% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

