==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 671
|1910= 652
|1920= 819
|1930= 850
|1940= 1105
|1950= 1459
|1960= 1423
|1970= 1381
|1980= 1505
|1990= 1508
|2000= 1537
|2010= 1302
|2020= 1246
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1242
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 22, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 22, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=May 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Cavalier city, North Dakota – Racial composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!{{partial|% 2020}}<ref>{{cite web |title=P9 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2020) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US3812940&y=2020 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
!% 2010<ref>{{cite web |title=P9 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE (2010) |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=Race+and+Ethnicity&g=160XX00US3812940&y=2010 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
!% 2000<ref>{{cite book |title=North Dakota: 2000 |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |pages=80-81 |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2002/dec/phc-1-36.pdf}}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}
!Pop 2010
!Pop 2000
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |91.5%
|93.2%
|92.5%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1,140
|1,213
|1,421
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.4%
|0%
|0.4%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |5
|0
|6
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.6%
|2.2%
|1%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |8
|28
|16
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.7%
|0.2%
|0.5%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |9
|2
|8
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0%
|0.2%
|0%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|2
|0
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0%
|0.1%
|0%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|1
|0
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Multiracial]] (NH)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.6%
|1.6%
|1.3%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |45
|21
|20
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic/Latino]] (any race)
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.1%
|2.7%
|4.3%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |39
|35
|66
|}
The most reported ancestries in [[2020 United States census|2020]] were:<ref>{{cite web |title=TOTAL POPULATION |url=https://data.census.gov/table?t=-06:-1000E:-3000F:-4000G:-5000K:-7000E:-8000B&g=160XX00US3812940&d=DEC+Detailed+Demographic+and+Housing+Characteristics+File+A |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
* [[German Americans|German]] (32.5%)
* [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]] (20.5%)
* [[Irish Americans|Irish]] (14.6%)
* [[English Americans|English]] (14.4%)
* [[Icelandic Americans|Icelandic]] (7.5%)
* [[French Americans|French]] (7.1%)
* [[Scottish Americans|Scottish]] (6.2%)
* [[Swedish Americans|Swedish]] (4.6%)
* [[Polish Americans|Polish]] (3.7%)
* [[Mexican Americans|Mexican]] (3.7%)

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,302 people, 641 households and 333 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1587.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 723 housing units at an average density of {{convert|881.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 641 households, of which 19.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.0% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the city was 47.3 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 27.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,537 people, 679 households and 399 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,938.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 750 housing units at an average density of {{convert|945.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.04% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.52% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.29% of the population.

There were 679 households, of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.92.

22.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.8 males.

The [[median household income]] was $35,667 and the median family income was $48,450. Males had a median income of $30,313 compared with $21,548 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,586. About 7.8% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.

Based on data from the 2000 Census, 6.8% of Cavalier's population is of [[Icelanders|Icelandic ancestry]], making Cavalier the city with the highest proportion of [[Icelandic American|Icelandic residents in the United States]].<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.epodunk.com/ancestry/Icelander.html|title=Icelander Ancestry By City|publisher=ePodunk|date=October 2005|access-date=January 9, 2008}}</ref>

