==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 213
|1910= 393
|1920= 470
|1930= 620
|1940= 479
|1950= 417
|1960= 494
|1970= 562
|1980= 470
|1990= 445
|2000= 455
|2010= 409
|2020= 344
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 455 people, 175 households, and 127 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|256.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|108.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 50.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 45.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.22% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 4.40% of the population.

There were 175 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,773, and the median income for a family was $29,821. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $21,607 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,243.  About 21.1% of families and 28.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 44.9% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

