==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 638
|1920= 541
|1930= 654
|1940= 677
|1950= 729
|1960= 801
|1970= 928
|1980= 1150
|1990= 979
|2000= 1010
|2010= 871
|2020= 796
|estyear=2025
|estimate=798
|estref=<ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/gaston-demographics|title=Gaston Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 28, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2020census"/> of 2020,  there were 796 people, 351 households, and 138 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2211.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1050.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 5.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 351 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 24.1% had a female householder with no husband present,  16.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 11.7% were non-families. 40.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.23.

24.3% of the population had never been married. 50.7% of residents were [[marriage|married]] and not [[marital separation|separated]], 7.2% were [[widowed]], 16.5% were [[divorce]]d, and 1.3% were separated.

The median age in the town was 35.9. 5.1% of residents were under the age of 5; 32.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 67.6% were age 18 or older; and 17.8% were age 65 or older. 7.4% of the population were [[veterans]].

The most common language spoken at home was [[English (language)|English]] with 97.3% speaking it at home, 1.8% spoke [[Spanish (language)|Spanish]] at home and 0.9% spoke an [[Asia]]n or [[Pacific Islander]] language at home. 1.7% of the population were [[foreign born]].

The median household income in Gaston was $47,250, 18.9% less than the median average for the state of [[Indiana]]. 16.9% of the population were in poverty, including 20% of residents under the age of 18. The poverty rate for the town was 4% higher than that of the state. 17.6% of the population were [[disabled]] and 6.5% had no [[healthcare]] coverage. 38.1% of the population had attained a [[high school]] or equivalent degree, 29.4% had attended [[college]] but received no degree, 6.5% had attained an [[Associate's degree]] or higher, 11.6% had attained a [[Bachelor's degree]] or higher, and 3.9% had a [[Graduate degree|graduate]] or [[Professional degree|professional]] degree. 10.5% had no degree. 59.6% of Gaston residents were employed, working a mean of 38.1 hours per week. The median gross rent in Gaston was $736 and the homeownership rate was 81.6%. 27 housing units were vacant at a density of {{convert|75|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 871 people, 331 households, and 230 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2488.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 392 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1120.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 331 households, of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.5% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the town was 34.4 years. 29.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.4% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,010 people, 351 households, and 261 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,881.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,072.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 351 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,853, and the median income for a family was $37,583. Males had a median income of $28,558 versus $23,281 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,357. About 10.5% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.3% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.

