==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 23
|2000= 10
|2010= 12
|2020= 40
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Excursion Inlet first appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It did not reappear until the 2000 U.S. Census when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 10 people, 8 households, and 2 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 75.0% were non-families. 75.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.25 and the average family size was 2.00.

In the CDP, the population age groups were spread out, with 30.0% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 50.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 400.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 400.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $10,000. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $18,188. Below the [[poverty line]] were 25.0% of the population, 50.0% of families, none of those under 18 and 40.0% of those over 64.

