==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 461
|1890= 353
|1940= 281
|1950= 308
|1960= 301
|1970= 299
|1980= 267
|1990= 307
|2000= 210
|2010= 229
|2020= 205
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 210 people, 109 households, and 57 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 961.4 people per square mile (368.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 115 housing units at an average density of 526.5 per square mile (201.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 71.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 28.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 109 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.7% were non-families. 44.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.65.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.6% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 76.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $34,500 versus $18,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,445. About 4.5% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.1% of those 65 or over.

