==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 488
|1930= 481
|1940= 429
|1950= 352
|1960= 240
|1970= 305
|1980= 315
|1990= 306
|2000= 278
|2010= 269
|2020= 237
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 278 people, 107 households, and 69 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|606.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 125 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 67.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 9.71% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.16% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.75% of the population.

There were 107 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.5% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $26,667. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $20,208 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,231. About 27.6% of families and 33.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 45.5% of those 65 or over.

