==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 365
|2020= 358
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2010.P1?q=&g=160XX00US3977434| title=P1. Race – Trinway CDP, Ohio: 2010 DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171)| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| access-date=May 2, 2025}}</ref><ref name="Census 2020"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="AmericanFactFinder">{{cite web | url=https://www.census.gov | title=U.S. Census website | publisher=United States Census Bureau | accessdate=2013-11-09}}</ref> of 2010, there were 365 people, 138 households, and 91 families residing in the village. The racial makeup of Trinway was 99.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0% of the population.

There were 138 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.1% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the village the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 19, 1.9% from 20 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 117 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102 males.

About 37 percent of the population is below the poverty line. The per capita income is about $20,000. Less than 2 percent of households have a combined annual income of over $100,000. The majority of the population has resided in their home prior to 1990. Nearly all homes are owner-occupied, with 89% of homes being single unit, and 11% being mobile homes. The majority of real property is worth under $150,000. The highest property value is worth nearly $400,000. 40 percent of the population holds at least a bachelor's degree, and about 10 percent are veterans. The most common occupation is laborer.

