==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1970= 191
|1980= 298
|1990= 443
|2000= 459
|2010= 558
|2020= 573
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 459 people, 180 households, and 124 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|361.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 60.78% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 36.38% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.22% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.18% from two or more races. 0.65% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 180 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 31.6% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,839, and the median income for a family was $31,389. Males had a median income of $26,346 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,884. About 5.6% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 18.2% of those age 65 or over.

