==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1850= 353
|1860= 306
|1870= 350
|1880= 317
|1890= 333
|1900= 384
|1910= 340
|1920= 400
|1930= 348
|1940= 395
|1950= 397
|1960= 338
|1970= 280
|1980= 317
|1990= 287
|2000= 272
|2010= 205
|2020= 196
|estyear=2021
|estimate=196
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 272 people, 99 households, and 79 families residing in the borough.

The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,624.1|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|680.7|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}.

The racial makeup of the borough was 98.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.37% of the population.

There were 99 households, out of which 43.4% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was sixty-five years of age or older.

The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of eighteen, 8.8% from eighteen to twenty-four, 27.6% from twenty-five to forty-four, 21.3% from forty-five to sixty-four, and 11.8% who were sixty-five years of age or older. The median age was thirty-two years.

For every one hundred females there were 88.9 males. For every one hundred females aged eighteen and over, there were 90.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $30,357, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $25,625 for females.

The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $11,584.

Roughly 6.0% of families and 8.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 24.2% of those sixty-five or over. None of those in poverty were under the age of eighteen.

