==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 206
|1920= 202
|1930= 206
|1940= 184
|1950= 206
|1960= 181
|1970= 110
|1980= 107
|1990= 94
|2000= 85
|2010= 54
|2020= 62
|estyear=2024
|estimate=57
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 14, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 14, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=February 2, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 54 people in 31 households, including 14 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|138.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|100.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.1% White and 1.9% from other races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.9%.

Of the 31 households 9.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.3% were married couples living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.8% were non-families. 51.6% of households were one person and 16.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.74 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age was 49 years. 14.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.7% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 57.4% male and 42.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 85 people in 36 households, including 20 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|238.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 95.29% White, and 4.71% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.35% of the population. 35.4% were of [[czechs|Czech]], 27.7% [[irish people|Irish]], 16.9% [[germans|German]] and 7.7% [[Polish people|Polish]] ancestry.

Of the 36 households 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were married couples living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.4% were non-families. 41.7% of households were one person and 27.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.40.

The age distribution was 35.3% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% 65 or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.7 males.

The median household income was $33,958 and the median family income was $34,583. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $15,000 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,222. There were 5.0% of families and 22.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

