==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 100
|1910= 349
|1920= 382
|1930= 342
|1940= 340
|1950= 344
|1960= 313
|1970= 269
|1980= 263
|1990= 156
|2000= 198
|2010= 197
|2020= 213
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 197 people, 90 households, and 45 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|895.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|445.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 46.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the town was 41.1 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64, and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 198 people, 89 households, and 50 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|787.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.01% of the population.

There were 89 households, out of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 11.6% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,958, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $26,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,530. About 9.4% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.7% of those sixty-five or over.

