==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1890 = 125
| 1900 = 249
| 1910 = 423
| 1920 = 389
| 1930 = 352
| 1940 = 393
| 1950 = 285
| 1960 = 219
| 1970 = 135
| 1980 = 151
| 1990 = 132
| 2000 = 177
| 2010 = 191
| 2020 = 212
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 177 people, 67 households and 46 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 12.3 per square mile (4.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 104 housing units at an average density of 7.2 per square mile (2.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 94.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.34% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.30.

29.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.

The [[median household income]] was $25,625 and the median family income was $32,750. Males had a median income of $29,250 and females $17,083. The [[per capita income]] was $11,356. About 19.6% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those 65 or over.

