==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 54
|1940= 23
|1950= 28
|2010= 5
|2020= 2
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{Cite web |title=U.S. Decennial Census |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |access-date=June 6, 2013 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}
Nabesna first appeared on the 1930 U.S. Census as an unincorporated mining village. It appeared again in 1940 and 1950. It did not appear again until 2010, when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

The Nabesna mining community is not to be confused with Nabesna native village, which was located west across the Nabesna River from present-day [[Northway Village, Alaska|Northway Village]] (CDP). It also appeared on the 1940 U.S. Census showing 85 residents. There is some confusion as to which Nabesna appeared on the 1960 U.S. Census (showing 41 residents). The native village was reported to have flooded and residents left around 1950. Nabesna was merged with Northway on the 1950 census as "Northway-Nabesna." Some residents had earlier relocated from the native village upriver to the abandoned Reeve Airfield, adjacent to the Nabesna mining community after World War II.<ref>{{Cite journal |last=Wilson |first=Lavell |date=1995 |title=Northway and Tanacross: Airports for the War Effort |url=https://jukebox.uaf.edu/sites/default/files/wilson_akgeo_article_0.pdf |journal=Alaska Geographic |volume=22 |issue=4 |pages=72–76}}</ref> Owing to the 1960 U.S. Census map showing Nabesna native village still in existence adjacent to Northway, that is given credence, but further research may be needed due to confirm if this is not erroneous. Nothing remains of that native village as of the 2010s.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Google Maps |url=https://www.google.com/maps/place/62%C2%B058'49.1%22N+141%C2%B058'11.2%22W/@62.9803037,-141.969778,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d62.9803037!4d-141.969778}}</ref>

