==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 142
|1980= 117
|1990= 181
|2000= 182
|2010= 209
|2020= 183
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
The present Koliganek first appeared on the 1970 U.S. Census shortly after its settlement in the 1960s. In 1980, it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 182 people, 53 households, and 35 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|14.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 77 housing units at an average density of {{convert|6.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 10.44% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 87.36% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].  2.20% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 53 households, out of which 43.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.43 and the average family size was 4.44.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 42.3% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 11.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $44,583, and the median income for a family was $51,042. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $30,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,242.  About 14.9% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 53.3% of those 65 or over.

