==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 168
|1910= 226
|1920= 217
|1930= 158
|1940= 152
|1950= 144
|1960= 158
|1970= 112
|1980= 107
|1990= 89
|2000= 100
|2010= 107
|2020= 70
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Gibbs is part of the [[Kirksville, Missouri|Kirksville]] [[Kirksville micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 107 people, 34 households, and 26 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|428.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 91.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 34 households, of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.5% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.15 and the average family size was 3.65.

The median age in the village was 29.8 years. 38.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.2% were from 45 to 64; and 6.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 100 people, 34 households, and 28 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|401.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.00% from two or more races.

There were 34 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.29.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,611, and the median income for a family was $23,889. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,368. There were 20.0% of families and 37.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 70.0% of under eighteens and 44.4% of those over 64.

