==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1617
|1910= 2590
|1920= 3009
|1930= 3908
|1940= 4331
|1950= 5173
|1960= 4688
|1970= 4153
|1980= 4748
|1990= 4748
|2000= 4856
|2010= 5643
|2020= 5254
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=source:<ref>{{cite web|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFPopulation?_event=Search&geo_id=01000US&_geoContext=01000US&_street=&_county=Big+Stone+gap&_cityTown=Big+Stone+gap&_state=04000US51&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&_submenuId=population_0&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null%3Anull&_keyword=&_industry=|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200216040324/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFPopulation?_event=Search&geo_id=01000US&_geoContext=01000US&_street=&_county=Big+Stone+gap&_cityTown=Big+Stone+gap&_state=04000US51&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&_useEV=&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&_submenuId=population_0&ds_name=null&_ci_nbr=null&qr_name=null&reg=null:null&_keyword=&_industry=|url-status=dead|archive-date=February 16, 2020|title=Population Finder: Big Stone Gap CDP, Virginia|publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 7, 2011}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,643 people, 2,034 households, and 1,075 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 995.9 people per square mile (384.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,197 housing units at an average density of 450.6 per square mile (173.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.41% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.45% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.60% of the population.

There were 1,995 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.2% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,584, and the median income for a family was $34,306. Males had a median income of $26,707 versus $21,915 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,284. About 22.4% of families and 25.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.5% of those under age 18 and 15.1% of those age 65 or over.

