==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 147
|1900= 344
|1910= 647
|1920= 884
|1930= 918
|1940= 829
|1950= 764
|1960= 797
|1970= 805
|1980= 817
|1990= 699
|2000= 685
|2010= 658
|2020= 641
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 658 people, 285 households, and 168 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|832.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 342 housing units at an average density of {{convert|432.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 285 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.1% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 48.9 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.3% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 27.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.4% male and 53.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 685 people, 311 households, and 185 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|999.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 366 housing units at an average density of {{convert|533.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.73% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.31% of the population.

There were 311 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 26.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $26,726, and the median income for a family was $36,094. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,189. About 6.5% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.

