==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2010 = 23
| 2010n = <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2012/dec/cph-1-43.pdf|title=South Dakota: 2010 {{!}} Summary Population and Housing Characteristics|publisher=United States Census Bureau|url-status=live|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220120065546/https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2012/dec/cph-1-43.pdf|archive-date=20 January 2022|access-date=2 March 2022}}</ref>
| 2020 = 25
| 2020n = <ref name="USCensus"/>
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=2 March 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Prairie City racial composition<ref name="USCensus"/>
! Race
! Num.
! Perc.
|-
| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
| 20
| 80.0%
|-
| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
| 0
| 0.0%
|-
| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 8.0%
|-
| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 4.0%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 0
| 0.0%
|-
| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 2
| 8.0%
|-
| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 2
| 8.0%
|}
At the [[2020 United States census]], there were 25 people living in Prairie City. The population density was 17.7 people per square mile (6.8/km<sup>2</sup>), with 18 housing units at an average density of 12.8 per square mile (4.9/km<sup>2</sup>).

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census]], there were 23 people, 9 households, and 4 families living in Prairie City. The population density was 16.2 people per square mile (6.3/km<sup>2</sup>), with 14 housing units at an average density of 9.9 per square mile (3.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 100% white.

There were 9 households, of which 1 (2.3%) had children under the age of 18 living with them, 3 (33.3%) were married couples living together, 1 (2.3%) had a female householder with no husband present, and 5 (55.5%) were non-families. All 5 households were made up of individuals, and 2 (22.2%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56, and the average family size was 4.50.

The population was spread out, with 9 people (39.1%) under the age of 18, 1 person (4.3%) aged 18 to 24, 2 people (8.7%) aged 25 to 44, 9 people (39.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 2 people (8.7%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males.

