==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1980= 1022
|1990= 1055
|2000= 1118
|2010= 1308
|2020= 1281
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,308 people, 581 households, and 340 families residing in the CDP. There were 617 housing units, of which 36, or 5.8%, were vacant. The racial makeup of the CDP was 93.2% [[White Americans|white]], 0.8% [[African American]], 0.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 4.4% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, 0.2% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|some other race]], and 1.2% two or more races. 1.2% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3383700| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): West Swanzey CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 13, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213130423/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3383700| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 581 households in the CDP, 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were headed by married couples living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.5% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25, and the average family size was 2.83.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

21.5% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 8.9% were from age 18 to 24, 28.3% were from 25 to 44, 26.6% were from 45 to 64, and 14.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.1 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $38,856. Male full-time workers had a median income of 29,524 versus $27,738 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $23,011. 40.2% of the population and 39.1% of families were below the poverty line, along with 83.1% of people under the age of 18 and 13.5% of people 65 or older.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3383700| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213091838/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3383700| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 13, 2020| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): West Swanzey CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 13, 2017}}</ref>

