==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 433
|1900= 407
|1910= 764
|1920= 868
|1930= 884
|1940= 894
|1950= 920
|1960= 1056
|1970= 937
|1980= 752
|1990= 707
|2000= 592
|2010= 553
|2020= 349
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=May 22, 2014|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014 }}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Hurtsboro racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0137096&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 13, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|138
|39.54%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|188
|53.87%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.29%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|14
|4.01%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|8
|2.29%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 349 people, 221 households, and 151 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 592 people, 283 households, and 161 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|573.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 342 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 70.27% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 29.39% [[Race (United States Census)|White]],  and 0.34% from two or more races. 0.17% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 283 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.1% were married couples living together, 23.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.2% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $16,691, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $26,979 versus $19,821 for females. The per capita income for the town was $16,908. About 28.4% of families and 32.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 46.3% of those under age 18 and 28.5% of those age 65 or over.

