==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 197
| 2010 = 179
| 2020 = 140
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 197 people, 60 households, and 48 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|1,978.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 64 housing units at an average density of {{convert|642.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 11.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 16.75% of the population.

There were 60 households, out of which 45.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were married couples living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.0% were non-families. 8.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.28 and the average family size was 3.38.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 39.6% under the age of 18, 2.5% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,071, and the median income for a family was $26,071. Males had a median income of $26,000 versus $18,611 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $3,213 in 2015.<ref>{{cite web|title=United States Census Bureau|url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/B19301/0400000US53.16000|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213155114/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/B19301/0400000US53.16000|url-status=dead|archive-date=13 February 2020|access-date=3 June 2017}}</ref> About 7.4% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

A [[paper mill]] of [[Packaging Corporation of America]] is in Wallula, originally a [[Boise Cascade]] facility constructed in 1958;<ref name=bcsands>{{cite news |url=https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=MZZaAAAAIBAJ&sjid=SksDAAAAIBAJ&pg=6775%2C5970995 |newspaper=Ellensburg Daily Record |location=Washington|agency=(Walla Walla Union-Bulletin) |last=Schick |first=Jim B. |title=Boise-Cascade has paper plant on sands |date=June 14, 1960|page=6 }}</ref><ref name=srppmexp>{{cite news |url=https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=-jJWAAAAIBAJ&sjid=pecDAAAAIBAJ&pg=6254%2C947127 |newspaper=Spokesman-Review |location=Spokane, Washington |title=Pulp, paper mill at Wallula plans $5,000,000 expansion |date=June 19, 1960 |page=17 }}</ref> to produce [[Corrugated fiberboard|corrugated]] shipping containers. PCA acquired it in 2013 and it is part of their Boise Paper division.<ref name=nws>{{cite web|url=https://bstock.com/boise/ |publisher=PCA - Boise Paper |title=New auctions soon |accessdate=September 27, 2022}}</ref> The only other businesses in the area are a U.S. Post Office and an auto wreck yard.

