==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=649
|2020=544
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br>
2000<ref name=2000CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2000 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/2003/dec/phc-3-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref><br> 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2/>
}}

Lake Hughes first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Lake Hughes CDP, California – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Lake Hughes CDP, California|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US0639556&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!{{partial|Pop 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2 Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Lake Hughes CDP, California|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US0639556&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!{{partial|% 2020}}
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|503
|style='background: #ffffe6; |384
|77.50%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |70.59%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|18
|style='background: #ffffe6; |2
|2.77%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.37%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.77%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |8
|0.77%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.47%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.18%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|1
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4
|0.15%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.74%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|13
|style='background: #ffffe6; |19
|2.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.49%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|104
|style='background: #ffffe6; |126
|16.02%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |23.16%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''649'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''544'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020===
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Lake Hughes had a population of 544. The population density was {{convert|51.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Lake Hughes was 415 (76.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 5 (0.9%) [[African Americans|African American]], 8 (1.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 8 (1.5%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 4 (0.7%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 46 (8.5%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 58 (10.7%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 126 persons (23.2%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Lake Hughes CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0639556 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 23, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 250 households, out of which 61 (24.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 113 (45.2%) were married-couple households, 21 (8.4%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 43 (17.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 73 (29.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 84 households (33.6%) were one person, and 42 (16.8%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.18.<ref name=DP1/> There were 147 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (58.8% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Lake Hughes CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0639556 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 23, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 77 people (14.2%) under the age of 18, 22 people (4.0%) aged 18 to 24, 152 people (27.9%) aged 25 to 44, 195 people (35.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 98 people (18.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 47.6{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 113.3 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 326 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 250 (76.7%) were occupied. Of these, 178 (71.2%) were owner-occupied, and 72 (28.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

===2010===
The [[2010 United States census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0639556|archive-url=https://archive.today/20140715030410/http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0639556|url-status=dead|archive-date=July 15, 2014|title=2010 Census Interactive Population Search: CA - Lake Hughes CDP|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=July 12, 2014}}</ref> reported that Lake Hughes had a population of 649. The population density was {{convert|60.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Lake Hughes was 544 (83.8%) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (77.5% Non-Hispanic White),<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=Data}}</ref> 19 (2.9%) [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 7 (1.1%) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5 (0.8%) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1 (0.2%) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 54 (8.3%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 19 (2.9%) from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 104 persons (16.0%).

The Census reported that 626 people (96.5% of the population) lived in households, 23 (3.5%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.

There were 300 households, out of which 55 (18.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 114 (38.0%) were [[marriage|opposite-sex married couples]] living together, 26 (8.7%) had a female householder with no husband present, 16 (5.3%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 23 (7.7%) [[POSSLQ|unmarried opposite-sex partnerships]], and 4 (1.3%) [[same-sex partnerships|same-sex married couples or partnerships]]. 111 households (37.0%) were made up of individuals, and 26 (8.7%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09. There were 156 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (52.0% of all households); the average family size was 2.76.

The population was spread out, with 105 people (16.2%) under the age of 18, 53 people (8.2%) aged 18 to 24, 143 people (22.0%) aged 25 to 44, 273 people (42.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 75 people (11.6%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

There were 400 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, of which 175 (58.3%) were owner-occupied, and 125 (41.7%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.9%; the rental vacancy rate was 9.9%. 381 people (58.7% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 245 people (37.8%) lived in rental housing units.

According to the 2010 United States Census, Lake Hughes had a median household income of $53,281, with 29.0% of the population living below the federal poverty line.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |title= data}}</ref>

