==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 211
|1900= 169
|1910= 189
|1920= 239
|1930= 211
|1940= 197
|1950= 82
|1960= 69
|1970= 65
|1980= 68
|1990= 64
|2000= 60
|2010= 44
|2020= 32
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 44 people, 18 households, and 14 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|258.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 19 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the village was 52 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.7% were from 25 to 44; 45.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 60 people, 19 households, and 14 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|351.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|123.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, out of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.16 and the average family size was 3.73.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 16.7% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 3.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,310. There were 23.1% of families and 37.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 47.4% of under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

