==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1880= 266
|1890= 156
|1900= 162
|1910= 177
|1920= 231
|1930= 208
|1940= 214
|1950= 236
|1960= 242
|1970= 460
|2000= 478
|2010= 601
|2020= 1634
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 478 people, 195 households, and 146 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|350.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 209 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 90.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.84% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.67% of the population.

There were 195 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 33.1% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,861, and the median income for a family was $51,111. Males had a median income of $50,721 versus $21,635 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,511. About 5.0% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.

