==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 198
|1920= 261
|1930= 257
|1940= 242
|1950= 194
|1960= 150
|1970= 180
|1980= 145
|1990= 156
|2000= 160
|2010= 166
|2020= 126
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 166 people, 62 households, and 47 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|1276.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|515.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 95.8% White, 0.6% African American, 3.0% Native American, and 0.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.6%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 62 households 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.7% were married couples living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.0% of households were one person and 6.4% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 40 years. 32.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 160 people, 65 households, and 43 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,247.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 70 housing units at an average density of {{convert|545.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 98.75% White, and 1.25% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.38%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 65 households 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were married couples living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 32.3% of households were one person and 13.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.16.

The age distribution was 29.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.3% 65 or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.

The median household income was $36,875, and the median family income was $39,286. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $15,893 for females. The per capita income for the village was $13,783. About 4.5% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.3% of those sixty five or over.

