==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 84 people, 28 households, and 22 families residing in the census-designated place. The population density was 324.9 people per square mile (124.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 29 housing units at an average density of 112.2/sq.mi (43.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the census-designated place was 95.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.33% of the population.

There were 28 households, out of which 50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.9% were non-families. 10.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.6% were people living alone of 65 years or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the census-designated place the age distribution of the population shows 33.3% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 6.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.4 males.

The median income for a household in the census-designated place was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $28,750.  The [[per capita income]] for the census-designated place of Conway was $12,206. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

