==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1970 = 99
| 1980 = 291
| 1990 = 107
| 2000 = 123
| 2010 = 111
| 2020 = 86
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Edmonson racial composition'''<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4822708&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|40
|46.51%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|46
|53.49%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''86'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 86 people, 34 households, and 20 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 123 people, 37 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|283.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 43 housing units at an average density of {{convert|99.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.63% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 49.59% of the population.

There were 37 households, out of which 48.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 8.1% were non-families. 8.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.32 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 34.1% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $29,583. Males had a median income of $21,389 versus $9,773 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,857. There were 6.3% of families and 13.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of under eighteens and 16.7% of those over 64.

