==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 279
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 56 people, 20 households, and 16 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|164.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|61.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 60.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 25.00% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 12.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 73.21% of the population.

There were 20 households, out of which 40.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 80.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 20.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $16,750, and the median income for a family was $40,208. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $7,059. There were 45.5% of families and 41.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 55.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

