==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 573
|1920= 957
|1930= 800
|1940= 1016
|1950= 1023
|1960= 1181
|1970= 1511
|1980= 1624
|1990= 1131
|2000= 1967
|2010= 1638
|2020= 1273
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Lambert racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2839080&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 17, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|63
|4.95%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|1,169
|91.83%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.08%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|2
|0.16%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|33
|2.59%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|5
|0.39%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,273 people, 584 households, and 301 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,967 people, 648 households, and 467 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,419.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 676 housing units at an average density of {{convert|831.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.82% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 15.61% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.51% of the population.

There were 648 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 28.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 36.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.8% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.04 and the average family size was 3.67.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 36.2% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $18,077, and the median income for a family was $21,979. Males had a median income of $20,750 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,509. About 34.5% of families and 39.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.1% of those under age 18 and 42.7% of those age 65 or over.

