==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 374
|1930= 1497
|1940= 1579
|1950= 1637
|1960= 2426
|1970= 2343
|1980= 2464
|1990= 2369
|2000= 2267
|2010= 2328
|2020= 2321
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web|title=Census 2020|url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|access-date=October 16, 2021|archive-date=March 8, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220308015914/https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920|url-status=dead}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 80.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.5% of the population [https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,267 people, 869 households, and 604 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|10,897.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 918 housing units at an average density of {{convert|4,413.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.04% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.35% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.76% of the population.

There were 869 households, out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 33.8% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 95.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $43,533, and the median income for a family was $48,958. Males had a median income of $40,668 versus $28,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $19,448. About 5.0% of families and 5.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

