==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 401
|1940= 387
|1950= 427
|1960= 554
|1970= 573
|1980= 604
|1990= 408
|2000= 534
|2010= 516
|2020= 444
| estimate=443
| estyear=2023
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2023/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2023-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2023], [[United States Census Bureau]], released May 2024. Accessed May 16, 2024.</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small>1930–2010<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popcum_04.htm Population Data for Cumberland County Municipalities, 1810 - 2010], WestJersey.org. January 6, 2011. Accessed October 24, 2012.</ref><ref>[http://www.co.cumberland.nj.us/filestorage/22641/22643/22956/Cumberland_County_Data_Book_2016.pdf ''Cumberland County, NJ Data Book 2016''], [[Cumberland County, New Jersey]]. Accessed October 31, 2019.</ref><br>1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA715 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States : 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 715. Accessed October 24, 2012.</ref> 1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><br>2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/> 2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3401167020 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Shiloh borough, Cumberland County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212100926/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3401167020 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 24, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cum/shiloh1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Shiloh borough] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140718094715/http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cum/shiloh1.pdf |date=July 18, 2014 }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed October 24, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 516 people, 198 households, and 138 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was 427.3 per square mile (165.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 214 housing units at an average density of 177.2 per square mile (68.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup was 93.80% (484) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 1.74% (9) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 2.33% (12) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.19% (1) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.58% (3) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 1.36% (7) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 4.07% (21) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 198 households, 27.8% had children under the age of 18; 51.0% were married couples living together; 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present and 30.3% were non-families. Of all households, 24.7% were made up of individuals and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.10.<ref name=Census2010/>

21.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 30.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.0 years. For every 100 females, the population had 85.6 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 89.3 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

The Census Bureau's 2006–2010 [[American Community Survey]] showed that (in 2010 [[inflation adjustment|inflation-adjusted]] dollars) [[median household income]] was $61,000 (with a margin of error of +/− $18,454) and the median family income was $63,594 (+/− $11,716). Males had a median income of $44,375 (+/− $18,670) versus $32,105 (+/− $13,923) for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,003 (+/− $4,509). About 7.0% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3401167020 DP03: Selected Economic Characteristics from the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates for Shiloh borough, Cumberland County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212084913/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/10_5YR/DP03/0600000US3401167020 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 24, 2012.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 534 people, 194 households, and 152 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|446.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 204 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.62% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% from other races, and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.00% of the population.<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603467020.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Shiloh borough, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160112194443/http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603467020.pdf |date=January 12, 2016 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 24, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3401167020 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Shiloh borough, Cumberland County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212111750/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3401167020 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 24, 2012.</ref>

There were 194 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.6% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.09.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $49,191, and the median income for a family was $54,219. Males had a median income of $34,643 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,880. 5.8% of the population and 4.1% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 4.5% are under the age of 18 and 0.0% are 65 or older.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

