==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 107
|1920= 174
|1930= 156
|1940= 150
|1950= 155
|1960= 101
|1970= 72
|1980= 90
|1990= 73
|2000= 94
|2010= 60
|2020= 61
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 23, 2013|df=}}</ref><br/>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|url-status=dead|archive-date=October 19, 2016|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 23, 2016 }}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 60 people, 27 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|666.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|344.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 27 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the town was 46 years. 18.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 55.0% male and 45.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 94 people, 31 households, and 23 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|886.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.81% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.06% from two or more races.

There were 31 households, out of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 22.6% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.38.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.0% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,063, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,471. There were no families and 9.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 22.2% of those over 64.

