==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 473
|1920= 527
|1930= 529
|1940= 493
|1950= 433
|1960= 406
|1970= 305
|1980= 261
|1990= 161
|2000= 197
|2010= 129
|2020= 121
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 129 people, 69 households, and 38 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|263.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|242.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.9% from two or more races.

There were 69 households, of which 13.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.9% were non-families. 40.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.87 and the average family size was 2.47.

The median age in the town was 57.1 years. 14% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.4% were from 45 to 64; and 37.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 197 people, 94 households, and 56 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|410.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|277.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 94 households, out of which 13.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.2% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 20.3% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 36.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,125, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $20,625 versus $14,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,427. About 6.4% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.5% of those 65 or over.

