==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 377
|1980= 456
|1990= 244
|2000= 318
|2010= 334
|2020= 327
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 318 people, 132 households, and 93 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|411.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|196.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.31% from two or more races.

There were 132 households, of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living in them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $13,235, and the median income for a family was $14,688. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,325. About 42.4% of families and 39.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.4% of those under age 18 and 26.9% of those age 65 or over.

