==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 267
|1900= 330
|1910= 250
|1920= 267
|1930= 229
|1940= 226
|1950= 213
|1960= 225
|1970= 192
|1980= 218
|1990= 167
|2000= 170
|2010= 143
|2020= 139
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 139 people, 49 households, and 39 families in Netawaka.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 143.6 per square mile (55.4/km{{sup|2}}). There were 61 housing units at an average density of 63.0 per square mile (24.3/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 88.49% (123) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (86.33% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 3.6% (5) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.72% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.19% (10) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.88% (4) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 49 households, 28.6% had children under the age of 18; 69.4% were married couples living together; 16.3% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 16.3% of households consisted of individuals and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 2.6.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 9.4% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

18.7% of the population was under the age of 18, 11.5% from 18 to 24, 15.8% from 25 to 44, 36.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.5 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 101.8 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $60,000 (with a margin of error of +/- $15,285) and the median family income was $71,250 (+/- $9,650).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $36,250 (+/- $5,416) versus $22,031 (+/- $16,643) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $32,656 (+/- $4,589).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 11.1% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.9% of those under the age of 18 and 12.5% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Netawaka%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 143 people in 58 households, including 43 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|145.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 97.9% White, 0.7% African American, and 1.4% Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref>

Of the 58 households 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were married couples living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.9% were non-families. 24.1% of households were one person and 6.9% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age was 44.5 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 39.2% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 170 people in 62 households, including 47 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|174.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|67.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 94.12% White, 5.29% Native American, and 0.59% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 62 households 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were married couples living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 22.6% of households were one person and 9.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.10.

The age distribution was 31.2% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

The median household income was $30,417 and the median family income was $35,000. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $16,719 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,705. About 20.5% of families and 19.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 45.5% of those sixty five or over.

