==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 91
|1870= 114
|1880= 99
|1970= 1545
|1980= 1815
|1990= 1443
|2000= 1288
|2010= 1302
|2020= 1201
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1206
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,302 people, 544 households, and 372 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1887.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 602 housing units at an average density of {{convert|872.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 544 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 41.5 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,288 people, 534 households, and 373 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,863.0 inhabitants per square mile (720.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 587 housing units at an average density of 849.0 per square mile (328.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.88% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.78% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 534 households, out of which 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.0% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 24.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,587, and the median income for a family was $42,969. Males had a median income of $26,354 versus $21,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,506. About 8.2% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.4% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

