==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 184
|1890= 396
|1900= 349
|1910= 886
|1920= 898
|1930= 1440
|1940= 1496
|1950= 1263
|1960= 1473
|1970= 1550
|1980= 1914
|1990= 2438
|2000= 3522
|2010= 5159
|2020= 5247
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
Central is part of the [[Greenville, South Carolina|Greenville]]&ndash;[[Mauldin, South Carolina|Mauldin]]&ndash;[[Easley, South Carolina|Easley]] [[Greenville–Mauldin–Easley metropolitan area|metropolitan area]].

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 3,522 people, 1,560 households, and 617 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,463.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,832 housing units at an average density of {{convert|761.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 15.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.79% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.03% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.32% of the population.

There were 1,560 households, of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 60.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.1% under the age of 18, 37.4% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 12.7% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24. For every 100 females, there were 116.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,869, and the median income for a family was $39,524. Males had a median income of $26,855 versus $22,207 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,394. About 11.3% of families and 29.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
Central's population has grown rapidly since 2000, mostly due to the construction of apartment complexes for students attending [[Clemson University]], Southern Wesleyan and [[Tri-County Technical College]].

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Central racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4513015&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 14, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|3,375
|64.32%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|911
|17.36%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|18
|0.34%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|305
|5.81%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|251
|4.78%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|387
|7.38%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 5,247 people, 2,483 households, and 796 families residing in the town.

