==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1890 = 333
| 1900 = 564
| 1910 = 697
| 1920 = 679
| 1930 = 875
| 1940 = 922
| 1950 = 970
| 1960 = 934
| 1970 = 810
| 1980 = 820
| 1990 = 875
| 2000 = 859
| 2010 = 806
| 2020 = 846
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title = Census of Population and Housing |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date = June 4, 2015 |publisher = Census.gov }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |title = U.S. Census website |url = https://www.census.gov |access-date = November 25, 2012 |publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] }}</ref> of 2010, there were 806 people, 413 households, and 206 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|238.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 814 housing units at an average density of {{convert|240.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.4% of the population.

There were 413 households, of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.1% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the village was 49.5 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 24.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.2% male and 54.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2"/> of 2000, there were 859 people, 404 households, and 244 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|255.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 630 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.12% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.81% of the population.

There were 404 households, out of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 30.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,031, and the median income for a family was [[US dollar|$]]43,125. Males had a median income of $31,771 versus $30,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,725. About 7.5% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.

