==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 364
|1880= 532
|1890= 1266
|1900= 1874
|1910= 1748
|1920= 1543
|1930= 1612
|1940= 1623
|1950= 1826
|1960= 2061
|1970= 2241
|1980= 2184
|1990= 2288
|2000= 2235
|2010= 2223
|2020= 2198
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,223 people, 817 households, and 583 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2291.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 886 housing units at an average density of {{convert|913.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 817 households, of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.15.

The median age in the village was 33.4 years. 30.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 20.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,235 people, 845 households, and 599 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,454.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 903 housing units at an average density of {{convert|991.8|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.39% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 845 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 89.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,619, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $30,701 versus $22,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,140. About 12.3% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

