==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 525
|1970= 644
|1980= 501
|1990= 411
|2000= 591
|2010= 776
|2020= 860
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 776 people, 328 households, and 212 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|611.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 379 housing units at an average density of {{convert|298.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 328 households, of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.4% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 43.3 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 33.7% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 591 people, 254 households, and 164 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,361.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 279 housing units at an average density of {{convert|642.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.34% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.18% of the population.

There were 254 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,023, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $35,156 versus $19,821 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $23,518. About 5.3% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over.

