==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 304
|1910= 286
|1920= 320
|1930= 330
|1940= 398
|1950= 483
|1960= 601
|1970= 496
|1980= 604
|1990= 549
|2000= 325
|2010= 271
|2020= 228
|estyear=2021
|estimate=228
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{same}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 271 people, 114 households, and 72 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|645.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|314.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 114 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 38.4 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.5% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 325 people, 134 households, and 95 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|738.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|338.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.31% of the population.

There were 134 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 25.2% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $15,865, and the median income for a family was $23,750. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,170. About 24.0% of families and 33.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.2% of those under age 18 and 32.7% of those age 65 or over.

