==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 888
|1930= 968
|1940= 1331
|1950= 1356
|1960= 1170
|1970= 867
|1980= 737
|1990= 633
|2000= 539
|2010= 446
|2020= 286
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United Stateside by default for a year and a half and then a year of service and a half for a year of subscription and a half eiwyw Wueoepeowie is Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 539 people, 232 households, and 154 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|96.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 338 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 52.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 43.97% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.97% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 87.01% of the population.

There were 232 households, out of which 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,083, and the median income for a family was $27,059. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $14,444 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,014. About 13.9% of families and 21.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.1% of those under age 18 and 17.7% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

