==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 166
|1960= 169
|1970= 296
|1980= 254
|1990= 246
|2000= 209
|2010= 236
|2020= 224
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 236 people, 88 households, and 59 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|445.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|171.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 88 households, of which 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.0% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.36.

The median age in the village was 37 years. 30.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 18.7% were from 45 to 64; and 22.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 209 people, 77 households, and 56 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|401.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 77 households, out of which 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.0% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,938, and the median income for a family was $57,188. Males had a median income of $35,714 versus $21,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,917. None of the families and 5.4% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 28.1% of those over 64.

