==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 413
|1930= 499
|1940= 812
|1950= 1425
|1960= 2550
|1970= 3141
|1980= 3338
|1990= 3310
|2000= 4970
|2010= 5269
|2020= 5567
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 5,269 people, 2,199 households, and 1,465 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|806.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 2,332 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 2,199 households, of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.4% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 41.8 years. 22.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.1% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,970 people, 1,922 households, and 1,406 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 763.1 people per square mile (294.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,988 housing units at an average density of 305.2 per square mile (117.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.16% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.88% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.02% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.28% of the population.

There were 1,922 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $50,543, and the median income for a family was $58,149. Males had a median income of $37,468 versus $25,439 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,236. About 2.6% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.2% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

