==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 41
|1990= 34
|2000= 52
|2010= 48
|2020= 41
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 25 households, and 16 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|800.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.1% from two or more races.

There were 25 households, of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.38.

The median age in the village was 54 years. 14.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 39.6% were from 45 to 64; and 31.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 52 people, 25 households, and 18 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|768.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|428.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.92% of the population.

There were 25 households, out of which 16.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 28.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.39.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 15.4% under the age of 18, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 36.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $22,917 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,050. There were 6.3% of families and 10.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under 18 and none of those over 64.

