==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 103
|1920= 116
|1930= 105
|1940= 154
|1950= 139
|1960= 133
|1970= 152
|1980= 118
|1990= 86
|2000= 88
|2010= 73
|2020= 69
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 73 people, 31 households, and 20 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|365.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 31 households, of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.5% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the city was 43.8 years. 19.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 88 people, 34 households, and 24 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|440.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|190.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.14% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.27% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.82% of the population.

There were 34 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 20.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 33.0% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $26,563. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,472. There were 17.4% of families and 22.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

