==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 198
| 1980 = 175
| 1990 = 110
| 2000 = 59
| 2010 = 37
| 2020 = 20
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 17
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 37 people living in the town. 94.6% were White Non-Hispanic, and 5.4% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 59 people, 21 households, and 14 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 73.5/km{{sup|2}} (191.7/mi<sup>2</sup>). There were 30 housing units at an average density of 37.4/km{{sup|2}} (97.5/mi<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 98.31% [[White people|White]], and 1.69% other races, such as [[Hispanic]] or [[Latino (demonym)|Latino]].

There were 21 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 33.3% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.9% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 126.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 129.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,750, and the median income for a family was roughly the same. Males had a median income of $19,500, versus $11,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,721. None of the families and only 5.3% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no individuals under eighteen and none over 64.

