==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 280
|1870= 622
|1880= 477
|1890= 460
|1900= 602
|1910= 410
|1920= 381
|1930= 387
|1940= 486
|1950= 477
|1960= 498
|1970= 479
|1980= 705
|1990= 874
|2000= 1054
|2010= 1197
|2020= 1111
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,197 people, 430 households, and 331 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|843.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 451 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 430 households, of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.0% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the city was 37.8 years. 29.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.2% were from 45 to 64; and 10.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.6% male and 49.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,054 people, 371 households, and 286 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|741.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 378 housing units at an average density of {{convert|265.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 371 households, out of which 45.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.9% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 34.5% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $55,735, and the median income for a family was $62,625. Males had a median income of $39,167 versus $29,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,853.  About 6.2% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

