==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 127
|1930= 115
|1940= 49
|1990= 25
|2000= 42
|2010= 28
|2020= 107
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
McCarthy first reported on the 1920 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. With the closure of the post office in 1943,<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=mccarthy&pg=PA49 |title = Geological Survey Professional Paper|year = 1949}}</ref> it did not report on the census from 1950 to 1980, though it unofficially returned 22 residents in 1980. It returned again beginning in 1990 when it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 42 people, 26 households, and 6 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|0.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].

There were 26 households, out of which 15.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 15.4% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 73.1% were non-families. 53.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.62 and the average family size was 2.14.

Drawn by an increase in tourism since the founding of Wrangell St. Elias National Park and Preserve, a significant portion of McCarthy's summer population resides elsewhere in the winter. This results in them not being counted during the censuses.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 9.5% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 47.6% from 45 to 64, and 4.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 147.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 153.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $17,188, and the median income for a family was $20,000. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,045. There were no families and 15.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 65.

