==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 75
|1910= 180
|1920= 171
|1930= 144
|1940= 153
|1950= 180
|1960= 213
|1970= 181
|1980= 170
|1990= 124
|2000= 136
|2010= 141
|2020= 107
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 141 people, 54 households, and 41 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|742.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|305.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 54 households, of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.1% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 35.8 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.5% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.3% male and 44.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 136 people, 51 households, and 34 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|619.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.94% from two or more races.

There were 51 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city the population was spread out, with 34.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 14.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,417, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,655. There were 20.0% of families and 30.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 35.2% of under eighteens and 15.8% of those over 64.

