==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 618
|1890= 839
|1900= 817
|1910= 949
|1920= 1071
|1930= 1032
|1940= 872
|1950= 834
|1960= 1008
|1970= 973
|1980= 1018
|1990= 939
|2000= 1072
|2010= 1095
|2020= 993
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
The Saline County portion of Solomon is part of the [[Salina, Kansas|Salina]] [[Salina micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].<ref>{{Cite web| last = Nussle| first = Jim| publisher = Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President| title = Micropolitan Statistical Areas| page = 97| work = List 1-9| date = 2008-11-20| access-date = 2010-04-02| url = https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/omb/assets/omb/bulletins/fy2009/09-01.pdf}}</ref>

===2010 census===
The result of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,095 people, 433 households, and 295 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1288.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 465 housing units at an average density of {{convert|547.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 433 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.08.

The median age in the city was 36.4 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,072 people, 416 households, and 302 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,634.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 452 housing units at an average density of {{convert|689.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.93% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.15% of the population.

There were 416 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,469, and the median income for a family was $48,203. Males had a median income of $34,926 versus $19,063 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,800. About 8.6% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

