==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1492
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,500 people, 560 households, and 398 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|302.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 617 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.67% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.27% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.07% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.13% from [[Race (United States census)|other races]], and 0.60% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.47% of the population.

There were 560 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the community, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $41,938, and the median income for a family was $49,485. Males had a median income of $35,441 versus $24,219 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,288. About 5.2% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

