==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 190
|1890= 326
|1900= 341
|1910= 330
|1920= 316
|1930= 286
|1940= 282
|1950= 288
|1960= 247
|1970= 276
|1980= 551
|1990= 646
|2000= 729
|2010= 754
|2020= 668
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1779241 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 668 people, 284 households, and 188 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|611.72|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 283 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|259.16|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population.

There were 284 households, out of which 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.54% were married couples living together, 10.56% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.80% were non-families. 23.24% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.52% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.26 and the average family size was 2.80.

The village's age distribution consisted of 25.7% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $57,500, and the median income for a family was $60,000. Males had a median income of $35,114 versus $23,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,638. About 11.7% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.

