==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 855
|1880= 1136
|1890= 1002
|1900= 836
|1910= 788
|1920= 666
|1930= 582
|1940= 742
|1950= 751
|1960= 777
|1970= 826
|1980= 740
|1990= 704
|2000= 700
|2010= 734
|2020= 627
|estyear=2021
|estimate=632
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 734 people, 341 households, and 194 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,446.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 369 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,230|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% some other race, and 1.6% two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race composed 1.4% of the population.

There were 341 households, out of which 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.1% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 19.8% under the age of 18, 59.1% from 18 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $41,776, and the median income for a family was $52,381. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $29,138 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $21,634. About 1.2% of families and 6.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.5% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

