==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 320
|1900= 115
|1910= 305
|1920= 390
|1930= 413
|1940= 297
|1950= 261
|1960= 290
|1970= 249
|1980= 223
|1990= 223
|2000= 210
|2010= 198
|2020= 163
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 198 people, 74 households, and 53 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|582.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.5% from two or more races.

There were 74 households, of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.4% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the town was 42.6 years. 23.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.5% male and 47.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 210 people, 90 households, and 63 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|137.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 90 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 25.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,031, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $20,357 versus $14,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,300. About 9.0% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.5% of those 65 or over.

