==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 113
|1930= 167
|1940= 210
|1950= 145
|1960= 111
|1970= 53
|1980= 58
|1990= 37
|2000= 19
|2010= 23
|2020= 15
|estyear=2022
|estimate=15
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 14, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 14, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]], there were 23 people, 13 households and 6 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|164.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|114.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 78.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 21.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 13 households, of which 7.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 53.8% were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the city was 55.3 years. 13% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 39.1% were 65 years of age or older. The sex makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]], there were 19 people, 10 households and 5 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|143.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 89.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 10.53% from two or more races.

There were 10 households, of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 50.0% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.90 and the average family size was 2.60.

10.5% of the population were under the age of 18, 15.8% from 25 to 44, 47.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.9 males.

The [[median household income]] was $8,750 and the median family income for a family was $8,750. Males had a median income of $13,750 compared with $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $6,633. Below the [[poverty line]] were 77.8% of people, 100.0% of families, none of those under 18 and 100.0% of those over 64.

