==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 197
|1920= 259
|1930= 204
|1940= 169
|1950= 137
|1960= 141
|1970= 118
|1980= 121
|1990= 83
|2000= 93
|2010= 122
|2020= 73
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 93 people, 38 households, and 27 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|645.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 54 housing units at an average density of {{convert|374.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 4.30% from two or more races. The major ancestry groups in Zalma were 27% [[Irish people|Irish]], 22% [[Germans|German]], 14% [[French Canadian]], 8% [[Norway|Norwegian]], 2% [[Cherokee]], and 2% specified Native American tribes.

There were 38 households, out of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 26.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.85.

For people in the village aged 15 and over, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married]], 24.7% were [[divorce]]d, 18.8% were [[Bachelor|single, never married]], 10.6% were [[widow]]ed, and none of the population was separated.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 21.5% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.5 males.

At the time of the 2000 U.S. Census, the median income for a household in the village was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $21,500. Estimates after 2007, however, showed the median income for a household in the village to be $26,907 and the median income for a family to be $26,146. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,842. There were 32.4% of families and 35.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 53.3% of under eighteens and 18.2% of those over 64.

