==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 250
|1930= 376
|1940= 355
|1950= 424
|1960= 411
|1970= 361
|1980= 358
|1990= 361
|2000= 305
|2010= 653
|2020= 924
|estyear=2023
|estimate=1018
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 653 people, 214 households, and 172 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|408.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 237 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 90.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 214 households, of which 45.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 19.6% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.05 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the village was 35.2 years. 30.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 9.2% were 65 years of age or older. The sex makeup of the village was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 305 people, 122 households, and 89 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|509.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|220.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.64% of the population.

There were 122 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.0% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.97.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $46,250, and the median income for a family was $49,500. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $27,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,163. About 4.8% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.1% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

