==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 5
|1920= 42
|1930= 40
|1940= 36
|2010= 448
|2020= 466
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><br />Pre-1940 data from U.S. survey<ref name=US40/>
}}
As of the 2010 census, there were 448 people living in the CDP: 231 male and 217 female. 171 were 19 years old or younger, 78 were ages 20–34, 65 were between the ages of 35 and 49, 66 were between 50 and 64, and the remaining 68 were aged 65 and above. The median age was 29.2 years.<ref name=GR2/>

The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.4% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.2% from [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.3% from two or more races.  2% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name=GR2/>

There were 142 households in the CDP, 106 family households (74.6%) and 36 non-family households (25.4%), with an average household size of 3.15. Of the family households, there were 84 married couples living together, 13 single fathers, and 9 single mothers. Of the non-family households, 31 were a single person living alone, 16 male and 15 female.<ref name=GR2/>

The CDP contained 168 housing units, of which 142 were occupied and 26 were vacant.<ref name=GR2>{{cite web |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0409900 |title=American FactFinder: Cane Beds CDP, Arizona |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=October 31, 2016 |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213053930/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US0409900 |archive-date=February 13, 2020 }}</ref>

