==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 158
|1960= 109
|1970= 84
|1980= 51
|1990= 51
|2000= 51
|2010= 44
|2020= 30
|estyear=2022
|estimate=31
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 20, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 44 people, 21 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|314.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|164.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 52.4% were non-families. 47.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 27.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]], there were 51 people, 21 households and 12 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|366.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|187.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 38.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.08.

Age distribution was 23.5% under the age of 18, 13.7% from 18 to 24, 35.3% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 155.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 178.6 males.

The [[median household income]] was $43,750, and the median family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,932. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

