==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1890= 269
|1900= 369
|1910= 523
|1920= 711
|1930= 789
|1940= 796
|1950= 919
|1960= 947
|1970= 1167
|1980= 934
|1990= 843
|2000= 860
|2010= 784
|2020= 782
|footnote=<ref name=census2020>{{cite web |title=Census 2020 |url=https://pasdc.hbg.psu.edu/Portals/48/Features/CountyAndMunicipalPopulationChange_2010to2020.xlsx?ver=2021-08-24-080135-920}}</ref>
}}}}
As of Census 2010, the racial makeup of the borough was 91.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population <ref>{{Cite web | title=American FactFinder - Results | url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150411124723/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=DEC_10_PL_GCTPL2.ST13&prodType=table | access-date=2025-02-08 | archive-date=2015-04-11}}</ref>{{dead link|date=August 2020|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000,{{update inline|date=October 2023}} there were 860 people, 297 households, and 217 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|6,410.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 305 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,273.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}.

There were 297 households, out of which 40.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.6% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.44.

The population was spread out, with 30.3% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $80,972, and the median income for a family was $90,333. Males had a median income of $46,500 versus $33,281 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $51,800. About 4.1% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

