==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 309
|1900= 317
|1910= 329
|1920= 297
|1930= 235
|1940= 247
|1950= 168
|1960= 151
|1970= 108
|1980= 119
|1990= 91
|2000= 118
|2010= 88
|2020= 94
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 88 people, 38 households, and 21 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|237.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|135.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 38 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.7% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 31.5 years. 29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.7% male and 44.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 118 people, 45 households, and 26 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|324.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.54% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.2% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.1% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 21.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $31,528 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,654. There were 10.7% of families and 9.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

