==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 298
|2020= 237
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Herlong first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

===2020===
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Herlong had a population of 237. The population density was {{convert|142.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Herlong was 186 (78.5%) [[White Americans|White]], 18 (7.6%) [[African Americans|African American]], 15 (6.3%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 2 (0.8%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0 (0.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 16 (6.8%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 8 persons (3.4%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Herlong CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0633336 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 112 households, out of which 45 (40.2%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 30 (26.8%) were married-couple households, 10 (8.9%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 17 (15.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 55 (49.1%) had a male householder with no partner present. 39 households (34.8%) were one person, and 19 (17.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.12.<ref name=DP1/> There were 65 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (58.0% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Herlong CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0633336 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 57 people (24.1%) under the age of 18, 17 people (7.2%) aged 18 to 24, 59 people (24.9%) aged 25 to 44, 60 people (25.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 44 people (18.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 40.8{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 123.6 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|70.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 112 (94.9%) were occupied. Of these, 24 (21.4%) were owner-occupied, and 88 (78.6%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

===2010===
The [[2010 United States census]]<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0633336|archive-url=https://archive.today/20140715025517/http://www.census.gov/2010census/popmap/ipmtext.php?fl=06:0633336|url-status=dead|archive-date=July 15, 2014|title=2010 Census Interactive Population Search: CA - Herlong CDP|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=July 12, 2014}}</ref> reported that Herlong had a population of 298. The population density was {{convert|183.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Herlong was 187 (62.8%) [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 38 (12.8%) [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 16 (5.4%) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1 (0.3%) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3 (1.0%) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 9 (3.0%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 44 (14.8%) from two or more races.  [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 46 persons (15.4%).

The Census reported that 293 people (98.3% of the population) lived in households, 5 (1.7%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.

There were 116 households, out of which 46 (39.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 32 (27.6%) were [[marriage|opposite-sex married couples]] living together, 25 (21.6%) had a female householder with no husband present, 9 (7.8%) had a male householder with no wife present.  There were 16 (13.8%) [[POSSLQ|unmarried opposite-sex partnerships]], and 1 (0.9%) [[same-sex partnerships|same-sex married couples or partnerships]]. 35 households (30.2%) were made up of individuals, and 5 (4.3%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53.  There were 66 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (56.9% of all households); the average family size was 3.21.

The population was spread out, with 91 people (30.5%) under the age of 18, 22 people (7.4%) aged 18 to 24, 96 people (32.2%) aged 25 to 44, 80 people (26.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 9 people (3.0%) who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

There were 139 housing units at an average density of {{convert|85.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}, of which 0 (0%) were owner-occupied, and 116 (100%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0%; the rental vacancy rate was 14.1%.  0 people (0% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 293 people (98.3%) lived in rental housing units.

