==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 517
|1910= 655
|1920= 718
|1930= 821
|1940= 890
|1950= 1022
|1960= 1214
|1970= 1130
|1980= 1133
|1990= 1081
|2000= 1080
|2010= 1020
|2020= 1043
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,020 people, 479 households, and 273 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|902.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 541 housing units at an average density of {{convert|478.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 479 households, of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.0% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the city was 53.3 years. 17.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 33.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,080 people, 477 households, and 299 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|948.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 500 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.56% of the population.

There were 477 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the city the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 30.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females there were 87.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,260, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $27,188 versus $22,768 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,859. About 8.4% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.9% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

