==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 189
|1920= 239
|1930= 229
|1940= 144
|1950= 154
|1960= 146
|1970= 132
|1980= 123
|1990= 119
|2000= 105
|2010= 158
|2020= 154
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 158 people, 53 households, and 41 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|173.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 53 households, of which 47.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.6% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.32.

The median age in the city was 34 years. 29.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 105 people, 42 households, and 32 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|110.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|48.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.90% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 42 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.8% were non-families. 19.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 13.3% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $48,333. Males had a median income of $43,125 versus $23,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,306. There were 13.3% of families and 8.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 4.8% of under eighteens and 71.4% of those over 64.

