==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 677
|1910= 1067
|1920= 975
|1930= 815
|1940= 888
|1950= 915
|1960= 845
|1970= 919
|1980= 926
|1990= 899
|2000= 1062
|2010= 997
|2020= 939
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 997 people, 383 households, and 274 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1510.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 422 housing units at an average density of {{convert|639.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 5.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.0% of the population.

There were 383 households, of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.5% were non-families. 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the town was 40.5 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 1,062 people, 397 households, and 292 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,607.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 423 housing units at an average density of {{convert|640.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.92% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.66% of the population.

There were 397 households, out of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,881, and the median income for a family was $38,958. Males had a median income of $31,339 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,826. About 4.6% of families and 7.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under the age of 18 and 8.7% of those ages 65 and older.

