==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 291 people, 126 households, and 79 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|272.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|128.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.84% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.06% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.72% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.12% of the population.

There were 126 households, out of which 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.9% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,056, and the median income for a family was $36,406. Males had a median income of $26,625 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,440. About 15.8% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 25.6% of those 65 or over.

