==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 293
|1900= 482
|1910= 950
|1920= 1198
|1930= 856
|1940= 939
|1950= 1013
|1960= 1013
|1970= 919
|1980= 908
|1990= 995
|2000= 1163
|2010= 1138
|2020= 1134
|}}

===2010 census===

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,138 people, 449 households, and 316 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1308.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 482 housing units at an average density of {{convert|554.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.8% of the population.

There were 449 households, of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the town was 43.3 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,163 people, 433 households, and 314 families residing in the town. The population density was 1,365.4 people per square mile (528.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 481 housing units at an average density of 564.7 per square mile (218.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 90.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.03% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.38% from two or more races. 8.77% of the population is [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 443 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.6% were married couples living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 28.8% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,458, and the median income for a family was $47,386. Males had a median income of $35,375 versus $23,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,880. About 5.0% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.

