==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 156
|1910= 324
|1920= 457
|1930= 511
|1940= 581
|1950= 608
|1960= 614
|1970= 571
|1980= 585
|1990= 424
|2000= 437
|2010= 503
|2020= 403
|estyear=2022
|estimate=393
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=April 15, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=April 15, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

The population of Erskine was more than 800 in the 1920s. It hovered above 600 until the late 1960s, dipped to 571 (1970) and 585 (1980), and then plunged to 424 (1990), 428 (1995), and 437 (2000).

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 503 people, 234 households, and 131 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|739.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 273 housing units at an average density of {{convert|401.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 234 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.0% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 18.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.9% male and 50.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 437 people, 203 households, and 111 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|590.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 250 housing units, with an average density of {{convert|337.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.23% of the population. The ethnicity of Erskine residents was as follows:
· Norwegian – 48%
· German – 13%
· Swedish – 12%
· Chippewa – 4%
· American Indian tribes, specified – 4%
· Irish – 4%
· Russian – 3%
· Danish – 3%
· French (except Basque) – 2%
· Scottish – 2%
· American Indian tribes, not specified – 2%
· Italian – 1%
· English – 1%
· Scandinavian – 1%

Of the 203 households, 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.3% were non-families. 42.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 26.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 77.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,771, and the median income for a family was $35,278. Males had a median income of $33,333 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,122. About 17.3% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.8% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.

