==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1860= 103
|1870= 53
|1880= 373
|1890= 465
|1900= 424
|1910= 424
|1920= 600
|1930= 571
|1940= 565
|1950= 522
|1960= 616
|1970= 635
|1980= 731
|1990= 801
|2000= 764
|2010= 769
|2020= 641
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 769 people, 257 households, and 181 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|263.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|103.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 257 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.18.

The median age in the city was 41 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 764 people, 248 households, and 176 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|471.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 288 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.65% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.92% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.57% of the population.

There were 248 households, out of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,156, and the median income for a family was $34,722. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $18,864 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,367. About 16.7% of families and 22.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.8% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

