==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 1189
|1940= 1098
|1950= 979
|1960= 921
|1970= 784
|1980= 793
|1990= 804
|2000= 693
|2010= 605
|2020= 568
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 693 people, 301 households, and 207 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,873.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 323 housing units at an average density of {{convert|873.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.58% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 301 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.5 males.

The median income for a household in the citywas $30,583, and the median income for a family was $33,438. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $17,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,089. About 16.0% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.5% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

