==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2020= 465
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the 2010 census, there were 458 people, 188 households and 149 families residing in the CDP. There were 211 total housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.4% some other race, and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.3% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP-1">{{cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US1268375| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): Spring Lake CDP, Florida| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=April 28, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213121327/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US1268375| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

There were 188 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were headed by [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.7% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44, and the average family size was 2.70.<ref name="Census 2010 DP-1"/>

18.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.7% were from 18 to 24, 17.7% were from 25 to 44, 37.4% were from 45 to 64, and 20.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.5 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP-1"/>

For the period 2011-15, the estimated [[median household income]] was $50,880 and the median family income was $55,950. The [[per capita income]] was $38,180. 9.7% of families and 11.5% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].<ref>{{cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US1268375| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Spring Lake CDP, Florida| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=April 28, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213104004/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US1268375| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

