==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 161
|1830= 372
|1850= 759
|1860= 741
|1870= 554
|1880= 600
|1890= 546
|1900= 374
|1910= 366
|1920= 383
|1930= 336
|1940= 297
|1950= 322
|1960= 369
|1970= 346
|1980= 279
|1990= 281
|2000= 265
|2010= 279
|2020= 223
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 1, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210701194652/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010, there were 279 people, 111 households, and 86 families living in the village.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 6, 2013|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|416.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 111 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.5% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 40.1 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 19.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census of 2000, there were 265 people, 112 households, and 82 families living in the village.<ref name="GR2" /> The population density was {{convert|403.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 124 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.60% White, 1.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.51% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 112 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.9% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.78.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.4% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $31,667. Males had a median income of $31,406 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $24,399. About 7.8% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.3% of those 65 or over.

