==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 557 people, 226 households, and 141 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,824.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 261 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,323.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 99.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 226 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $24,853, and the median income for a family was $34,625. Males had a median income of $30,455 versus $17,639 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,751. About 6.8% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 8.9% of those age 65 or over.

