==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 1145
|1900= 538
|1910= 649
|1920= 768
|1930= 610
|1940= 630
|1950= 541
|1960= 506
|1970= 476
|1980= 483
|1990= 485
|2000= 427
|2010= 404
|2020= 418
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 404 people, 171 households, and 116 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1122.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 194 housing units at an average density of {{convert|538.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.5% of the population.

There were 171 households, of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 43.2 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.9% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 427 people, 180 households, and 126 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,215.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|577.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.47% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 180 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 15.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,727, and the median income for a family was $34,886. Males had a median income of $30,357 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,897. About 5.6% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

