==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 123
|1920= 118
|1930= 99
|1940= 108
|1950= 47
|1960= 48
|1970= 42
|1980= 45
|1990= 40
|2000= 35
|2010= 25
|2020= 21
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 25 people, 13 households, and 7 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|312.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 13 households, of which 7.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 46.2% were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the village was 48.5 years. 4% of residents were under the age of 18; 16% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 40% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 35 people, 15 households, and 10 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|444.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|254.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 80.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 20.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 15 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.7% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town the population was spread out, with 25.7% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 22.9% from 25 to 44, 34.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,167, and the median income for a family was $16,250. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $5,289. There were 60.0% of families and 74.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

