==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1078
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,160 people, 484 households, and 351 families residing in the CDP.  The [[population density]] was 60.4/km<sup>2</sup> (156.4/sq&nbsp;mi) and there were 539 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 484 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $17,813, and the median income for a family was $24,524. Males had a median income of $19,044 versus $20,792 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $12,046. About 23.4% of families and 27.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.4% of those under age 18 and 26.4% of those age 65 or over.

