==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 944
|1880= 1475
|1890= 1708
|1900= 1209
|1910= 1054
|1920= 852
|1930= 761
|1940= 838
|1950= 862
|1960= 691
|1970= 740
|1980= 773
|1990= 743
|2000= 888
|2010= 916
|2020= 924
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 916 people, 376 households, and 223 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|328.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 469 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 376 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the village was 38.8 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 888 people, 359 households, and 236 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 333.3 people per square mile (128.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 414 housing units at an average density of 155.4 per square mile (60.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. 0.68% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 359 households, out of which 37.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.0% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,135, and the median income for a family was $37,788. Males had a median income of $34,417 versus $20,673 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,766. About 9.8% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

