==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 73
|1890= 928
|1900= 722
|1910= 842
|1920= 669
|1930= 492
|1940= 539
|1950= 472
|1960= 348
|1970= 323
|1980= 322
|1990= 177
|2000= 187
|2010= 138
|2020= 103
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 187 people, 75 households, and 44 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|124.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|63.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 75 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.3% were married couples living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the village, the age distribution of the population shows 29.4% under the age of 18, 9.1% from 18 to 24, 24.6% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $15,500, and the median income for a family was $30,536. Males had a median income of $14,000 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $9,524. About 29.3% of families and 29.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.1% of those 65 or over.

In late 2014 it was officially declared that the town of Pearl, IL would adopt the Case IH 766 (aka The 7 ) as the official town tractor.
{{clear|left}}

