==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 737
|1920= 670
|1930= 621
|1940= 623
|1950= 638
|1960= 651
|1970= 585
|1980= 600
|1990= 451
|2000= 443
|2010= 401
|2020= 349
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Dover racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3717660&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 156
| 44.7%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 173
| 49.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 15
| 4.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 5
| 1.43%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 349 people, 123 households, and 62 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 443 people, 185 households, and 135 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|466.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 214 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 45.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 53.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 185 households, out of which 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,156, and the median income for a family was $38,125. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $20,446 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,384. About 15.6% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.5% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

