==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 291
| 1940 = 331
| 1950 = 271
| 1960 = 198
| 1970 = 265
| 1980 = 314
| 1990 = 253
| 2000 = 365
| 2010 = 315
| 2020 = 288
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 282
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 365 people, 131 households and 102 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|365.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 152 housing units at an average density of {{convert|152.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 73.15% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 14.25% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 2.47% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 7.67% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.47% from two or more races.  18.36% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 131 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.1% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.21.

28.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,875 and the median family income was $38,750. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,720. About 19.6% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.9% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

