==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 339
|2010= 312
|2020= 367
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2020, there were 367  people, 191  households, and 127 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|67.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 511 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.29% of the population.

There were 189 households, out of which 5.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.79 and the average family size was 2.14.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 4.7% under the age of 18, 0.6% from 18 to 24, 8.3% from 25 to 44, 31.6% from 45 to 64, and 54.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 67 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,361, and the median income for a family was $40,714. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $22,546.  About 1.5% of families and 3.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.

