==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 1380
|2000= 542
|2010= 579
|2020= 582
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of [https://www.point2homes.com/US/Neighborhood/IL/Bismarck-Demographics.html 2024 statistics], the population, excluding incorporated surrounding regions, was 507 people. There were 203 housing units, and 201 households. There were 147 families residing in the village. The population density was 681.9 people per square mile. The average density of the housing units was 295 units per square mile. The racial makeup of the village was 91.9% White, 1.58% Asian, 4.54% Hispanic, and 1.98% from two or more races.

Among the 201 households, 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13% had a female householder with no husband present, 8% had a male householder with no wife present and 11% were non-families. The average population per household was 3.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27% under the age of 18, 17% from 0 to 9, 12% from 10 to 19, 11% from 20 to 29, 7% from 30 to 39, 17% from 40 to 49, 16% from 50 to 59, 8% from 60 to 69, 9% from 70 to 79, and 4% were 80+. The median age was 41.8 years. The gender ratio was 53.4% majority female over a 46.6% male minority. 

The median income for a household in the village was $79,583/year and the median income for a household was $80,774/year. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $46,406. Households led by residents aged 25 to 44, usually in the early to mid-stages of their careers, have a median income of $94,722. Those with someone between 45 and 64 in charge, often well-established professionally, earn $86,250 overall. About 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]]

The job market in Bismarck is composed of 239 working residents, spread across a range of industries and roles. 76.6% of the working population are employed in professional or administrative positions, while 23.4% are in hands-on or service-based jobs. Also, 8.8% run their own businesses, 60.2% are employed by private companies, and 24.3% work in the public sector. 76.6% of the working population are white collar workers, and the remaining 23.4% are blue collar workers. The unemployment rate in Bismarck stands at 4.8%.

