==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1890= 1084
|1900= 837
|1910= 626
|1920= 396
|1930= 337
|1940= 343
|1950= 314
|1960= 325
|1970= 320
|1980= 414
|1990= 343
|2000= 339
|2010= 318
|2020= 332
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 318 people, 137 households, and 84 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|345.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 190 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 137 households, of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 339 people, 133 households, and 88 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|364.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|200.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 91.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.59% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.24% of the population.

There were 133 households, out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,583, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $23,889 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,715.  About 16.2% of families and 22.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.7% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

