==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 187
|1890= 793
|1900= 913
|1910= 1376
|1920= 1069
|1930= 1089
|1940= 1231
|1950= 1026
|1960= 1009
|1970= 1174
|1980= 1115
|1990= 1082
|2000= 981
|2010= 1003
|2020= 894
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2023-06-16}}</ref> of 2020, there were 894 people, 416 housing units, and 337 households in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 94.1% White, <0.1% African American, <0.1% Native American, <0.1% Asian, <0.1% from other races, and 5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.7% of the population. The median age in the city was 39.0 years.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,003 people, 408 households, and 234 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1269.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 446 housing units at an average density of {{convert|564.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 408 households, of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.6% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 40.7 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 981 people, 411 households, and 247 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,237.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 442 housing units at an average density of {{convert|557.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.71% of the population.

There were 411 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.7% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $31,023, and the median income for a family was $38,988. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,980. About 6.6% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.1% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

