==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 91
|1920= 71
|1930= 80
|1940= 138
|1950= 90
|1960= 151
|1970= 206
|1980= 213
|1990= 449
|2000= 362
|2010= 328
|2020= 338
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Copper Center first appeared on the 1910 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. In 1980 it was made a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 362 people, 132 households, and 88 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|26.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 163 housing units at an average density of {{convert|11.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 48.07% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 46.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 4.97% from two or more races.  0.83% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 132 households, 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 38.7% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $42,500. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $22,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,152.  About 18.5% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.1% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.

