==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 120
|1910= 770
|1920= 1088
|1930= 868
|1940= 851
|1950= 731
|1960= 728
|1970= 591
|1980= 531
|1990= 495
|2000= 481
|2010= 510
|2020= 394
|estyear=2021
|estimate=393
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 510 people, 205 households, and 133 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|481.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 253 housing units at an average density of {{convert|238.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 205 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.1% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the town was 41.4 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.3% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.2% male and 51.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 481 people, 208 households, and 133 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 444.5 inhabitants per square mile (172.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 252 housing units at an average density of 232.9 per square mile (90.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.42% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 208 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population dispersal was 22.9% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males. The median income for a household in the town was $24,167, and the median income for a family was $30,962. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $24,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,635. About 14.5% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.5% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

