==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 116
|1930= 112
|1940= 112
|1950= 91
|1960= 42
|1970= 36
|1980= 44
|1990= 39
|2000= 49
|2010= 23
|2020= 22
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 23 people, 12 households, and 10 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|328.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 12 households, of which 8.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.10.

The median age in the village was 52.3 years. 4.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13% were from 25 to 44; 39% were from 45 to 64; and 39.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 49 people, 17 households, and 15 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|658.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of {{convert|241.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 17 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 94.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 5.9% were non-families. 5.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.7% under the age of 18, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $33,125. Males had a median income of $24,750 versus $12,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $29,645. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

