==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 145
|1870= 176
|1880= 152
|1890= 123
|1900= 130
|1910= 92
|1920= 84
|1930= 69
|1940= 86
|1950= 100
|1960= 116
|1970= 68
|1980= 109
|1990= 56
|2000= 29
|2010= 43
|2020= 42
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{Cite web| url=https://www.census.gov| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Miltonsburg village, Ohio| publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]| accessdate=June 1, 2012}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 43 people, 19 households, and 12 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|614.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 25 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, of which 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the village was 42.8 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 35% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.8% male and 44.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 29 people, 11 households, and 8 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|376.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]].

There were 11 households, out of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 18.2% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 37.9% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $43,750, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $39,583 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,605. None of the population is below the [[poverty line]].

