==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 114
|1940= 236
|1950= 242
|1960= 237
|1970= 237
|1980= 246
|1990= 349
|2000= 353
|2010= 325
|2020= 338
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 325 people, 141 households, and 86 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|663.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|353.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the town was 97.8% White, 0.6% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.6% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 141 households, of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.0% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.99.

The median age in the town was 34.5 years. 26.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 15.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 353 people, 138 households, and 96 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|711.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|326.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.72% White and 0.28% from two or more races.

There were 138 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 22.4% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 73.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $40,556. Males had a median income of $25,250 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,950. About 10.9% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 24.1% of those age 65 or over.

