==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 220
|1890= 272
|1900= 241
|1910= 209
|1920= 167
|1930= 163
|1940= 155
|1950= 163
|1960= 144
|1970= 145
|1980= 178
|1990= 112
|2000= 137
|2010= 66
|2020= 66
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | accessdate = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 66 people, 26 households, and 17 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|942.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 39 housing units at an average density of {{convert|557.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.1% of the population.

There were 26 households, of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.6% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 36.7 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 13.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.3% were from 25 to 44; 21.1% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 45.5% male and 54.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 137 people, 46 households, and 32 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,388.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 53 housing units at an average density of {{convert|924.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.46% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 7.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.46% of the population.

There were 46 households, out of which 45.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.3% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 38.0% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,500, and the median income for a family was $19,583. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,800. There were 30.3% of families and 29.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 42.6% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

