==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 761
|1900= 750
|1910= 1389
|1920= 1334
|1930= 1264
|1940= 1517
|1950= 1759
|1960= 1800
|1970= 1517
|1980= 1967
|1990= 1798
|2000= 1559
|2010= 1394
|2020= 1125
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1099
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 19, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 19, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,394 people, 562 households, and 313 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|917.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 698 housing units at an average density of {{convert|459.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 562 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.3% were non-families. 40.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 37.3 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 17.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 21.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,559 people, 603 households, and 355 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,083.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 750 housing units at an average density of {{convert|521.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.77% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 603 households, out of which 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 39.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 18, 20.1% from 18 to 24, 18.6% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,850, and the median income for a family was $32,292. Males had a median income of $22,452 versus $14,861 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,668. About 17.4% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.0% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

