==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 211
|1980= 225
|1990= 177
|2000= 175
|2010= 179
|2020= 185
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 175 people, 62 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|3,679.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 63 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,324.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] and 1.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 62 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 87.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.3% were non-families. 11.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 20.6% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $101,753, and the median income for a family was $104,104. Males had a median income of $71,875 versus $35,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $30,953. None of the families and 2.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.1% of those over 64.

