==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 80
|1950= 174
|1960= 216
|1970= 265
|1980= 354
|1990= 360
|2000= 548
|2010= 614
|2020= 657
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 614 people, 243 households, and 162 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|396.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|177.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 243 households, of which 39.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 33.5 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 9.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 548 people, 209 households, and 142 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|653.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 229 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 209 households, out of which 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were nonfamilies. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the city the population was spread out, with 30.8% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 17.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $16,842 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,657. About 14.4% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 23.3% of those age 65 or over.

