==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 220
| 1920 = 178
| 1930 = 136
| 1940 = 156
| 1950 = 139
| 1960 = 147
| 1970 = 147
| 1980 = 165
| 1990 = 214
| 2000 = 174
| 2010 = 152
| 2020 = 141
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 152 people, 64 households, and 43 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|153.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 67 housing units at an average density of {{convert|67.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.6% of the population.

There were 64 households, of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 41 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 8.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 174 people, 61 households, and 46 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 176.7 people per square mile (68.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 63 housing units at an average density of 64.0 per square mile (24.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 61 households, out of which 39.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.0% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.32.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 17.8% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 14.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,000, and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $17,679 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,920. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

