==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 237
|1910= 216
|1920= 247
|1930= 221
|1940= 184
|1950= 150
|1960= 128
|1970= 111
|1980= 95
|1990= 111
|2000= 91
|2010= 77
|2020= 69
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 69 people, 26 households, and 14 families in Powhattan.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 503.6 per square mile (194.5/km{{sup|2}}). There were 39 housing units at an average density of 284.7 per square mile (109.9/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 68.12% (47) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (68.12% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 2.9% (2) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 10.14% (7) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 4.35% (3) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 14.49% (10) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 2.9% (2) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 26 households, 34.6% had children under the age of 18; 38.5% were married couples living together; 34.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 38.5% of households consisted of individuals and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 3.4.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 7.2% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

31.9% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 15.9% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 29.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 137.9 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 135.0 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $36,250 (with a margin of error of +/- $13,249) and the median family income was $38,333 (+/- $8,879).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $23,750 (+/- $23,276) versus $28,438 (+/- $16,188) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $27,500 (+/- $13,090).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 27.8% of families and 25.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 55.2% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Powhattan%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 77 people in 30 households, including 20 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|550.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 38 housing units at an average density of {{convert|271.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 90.9% White and 9.1% Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref>

Of the 30 households 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were married couples living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of households were one person and 23.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.30.

The median age was 34.8 years. 32.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 18.2% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 40.3% male and 59.7% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 91 people in 41 households, including 25 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|686.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 90.11% White, 7.69% Native American, and 2.20% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.30%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 41 households 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were married couples living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 36.6% of households were one person and 29.3% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.88.

The age distribution was 22.0% under the age of 18, 12.1% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median household income was $21,500 and the median family income was $29,167. Males had a median income of $28,542 versus $16,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $12,147. There were no families and 12.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

