==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 766
|1920= 817
|1930= 1292
|1940= 1138
|1950= 1762
|1960= 1769
|1970= 1655
|1980= 1739
|1990= 1574
|2000= 1307
|2010= 1226
|2020= 1074
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1029
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=January 21, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,226 people, 587 households, and 316 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1442.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 704 housing units at an average density of {{convert|828.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 587 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the city was 48 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.6% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.2% male and 56.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,307 people, 584 households, and 345 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,556.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 720 housing units at an average density of {{convert|857.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 0.38% of the population.

There were 584 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.8% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 28.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,689, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $26,172 versus $19,674 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $21,148. About 5.4% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

