==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 402
|1870= 798
|1880= 770
|1890= 705
|1900= 642
|1910= 649
|1920= 491
|1930= 451
|1940= 456
|1950= 444
|1960= 442
|1970= 451
|1980= 487
|1990= 491
|2000= 437
|2010= 397
|2020= 314
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 437 people, 198 households, and 120 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,143.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|580.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.92% from two or more races.

There were 198 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.9% were non-families. 35.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $26,458, and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $27,083 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,383. About 18.2% of families and 24.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

