==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 334
|1930= 500
|1940= 500
|1950= 897
|1960= 2507
|1970= 3182
|1980= 3341
|1990= 3301
|2000= 3254
|2010= 3235
|2020= 3290
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,235 people, 1,532 households, and 865 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2967.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,644 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1508.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 1,532 households, of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.5% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the village was 46.3 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 31% were from 45 to 64; and 21% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 3,254 people, 1,503 households, and 933 families living in the village.  The [[population density]] was 2,964.7 people per square mile (1,142.2/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,570 housing units at an average density of 1,430.4 per square mile (551.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 96.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.06% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.04% of the population.

There were 1,503 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.7% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $55,962, and the median income for a family was $69,286. Males had a median income of $46,088 versus $29,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $30,748.  About 1.9% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 2.1% of those age 65 or over.

