==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 464
| 1950 = 612
| 1960 = 1289
| 1970 = 1420
| 1980 = 1292
| 1990 = 1184
| 2000 = 1210
| 2010 = 1251
| 2020 = 1318
| 2020n = 
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2020, there were 1,318 people residing in the village.<ref name="GR2" /> The racial makeup of the village was 80.57% [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.01% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 12.82% [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.98% from [[Other races (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.18% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,251 people residing in the village.<ref name="GR2" /><ref>{{Cite web|title=Roslyn Estates, NY Population – Census 2010 and 2000 Interactive Map, Demographics, Statistics, Quick Facts – CensusViewer|url=http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Roslyn%20Estates|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130615064413/http://censusviewer.com/city/NY/Roslyn%20Estates|url-status=usurped|archive-date=June 15, 2013|access-date=July 20, 2021|website=censusviewer.com}}</ref><ref name="Census 2010">{{cite web| url=https://www.census.gov| title=Race, Hispanic or Latino, Age, and Housing Occupancy: 2010 Census Redistricting Data (Public Law 94-171) Summary File (QT-PL), Roslyn Estates village, New York| publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]| access-date=October 4, 2011}}</ref> The racial makeup of the village was 90.25% White, 0.40% African American, 8.23% Asian, 0.24% from other races, and 0.88% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.36% of the population.

===Census 2000===
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,210 people, 401 households, and 354 families residing in the village.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> The population density was {{convert|2,727.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 410 housing units at an average density of {{convert|924.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.22% White, 0.17% African American, 4.88% Asian, 1.24% from other races, and 0.50% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.23% of the population.

There were 401 households, out of which 46.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 81.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.7% were non-families. 9.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 3.4% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $154,849, and the median income for a family was $157,402. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $65,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $73,628. About 2.0% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.6% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

