==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 177
|1830= 286
|1840= 385
|1860= 555
|1870= 773
|1880= 795
|1890= 828
|1900= 1002
|1910= 948
|1920= 969
|1930= 1147
|1940= 1194
|1950= 1490
|1960= 1956
|1970= 2054
|1980= 1952
|1990= 2322
|2000= 2358
|2010= 2490
|2020= 2570
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,490 people, 990 households, and 634 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1276.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|565.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 990 households, of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 36.6 years. 26.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 2,358 people, 927 households, and 620 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,235.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,023 housing units at an average density of {{convert|536.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.17% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.17% of the population.

There were 927 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,115, and the median income for a family was $46,528. Males had a median income of $35,395 versus $24,455 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,250. About 8.0% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.8% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

