==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 572
|1920= 631
|1930= 576
|1940= 594
|1950= 632
|1960= 559
|1970= 430
|1980= 481
|1990= 393
|2000= 436
|2010= 387
|2020= 309
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 387 people, 159 households, and 98 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|841.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 84.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 12.4% of the population.

There were 159 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 39.6 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.3% male and 53.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 436 people, 177 households, and 115 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|950.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 218 housing units at an average density of {{convert|475.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 4.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 7.34% of the population.

There were 177 households, out of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.7% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,429, and the median income for a family was $26,000. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $19,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,197. About 14.7% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.2% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.

