==Demographics==
As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,384 people, 868 households, and 671 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|304.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 902 housing units at an average density of {{convert|115.3|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.29% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.21% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.68% of the population. 21.0% were of German, 8.9% United States or American, 8.7% Irish, 8.4% Norwegian, 6.8% English and 6.7% French ancestry according to [[Census 2000]]. 97.5% spoke English and 2.5% Spanish as their first language.

There were 868 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.3% were married couples living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 26.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 24.0% from 25 to 44, 31.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $59,408, and the median income for a family was $71,793. Males had a median income of $47,708 versus $40,533 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $27,605. About 2.4% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.0% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.

