==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 768
|2010= 928
|2020= 1051
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 768 people, 314 households, and 211 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|206.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 321 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.73% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.08% of the population.

There were 314 households, out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.8% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average [[family]] size was 2.90.

The age distribution was 23.4% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $35,767, and the median income for a family was $42,981. Males had a median income of $30,268 versus $16,176 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $17,111. About 7.0% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

