==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 300
|1880= 454
|1890= 701
|1900= 891
|1910= 1003
|1920= 1159
|1930= 1154
|1940= 1301
|1950= 1444
|1960= 1718
|1970= 2043
|1980= 2045
|1990= 2157
|2000= 2485
|2010= 2814
|2020=2658
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5538675">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Juneau city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5538675&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=21 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 2,658. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,611.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 926 housing units at an average density of {{convert|561.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.4% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.8% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 9.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,814 people, 852 households, and 561 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1675.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 924 housing units at an average density of {{convert|550.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.1% of the population.

There were 852 households, of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,485 people, 818 households, and 554 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 1,602.5 people per square mile (619.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 863 housing units at an average density of 556.5 per square mile (215.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 97.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.32% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.13% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.54% of the population.

There were 818 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,162, and the median income for a family was $50,263. Males had a median income of $33,708 versus $24,783 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,286. About 3.5% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.2% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.

