==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 2185
|2000= 4507
|2010= 3861
|2020= 5460
|footnote= U.S. Census Bureau 
}}

As of the 2020 census, there were 5,460 people. As of the [[census]]<ref name="American Factfinder">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|title=Community Facts|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=24 October 2016}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,861 people, 1,495 households, and 1,192 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|139.9|PD/sqkm|PD/sqmi|order=flip}}. There were 2,034 housing units at an average density of {{convert|73.7|/sqkm|/sqmi|order=flip}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.5% [[White Americans|White]], 0.3% [[African Americans|Black]] or [[African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|American Indian]] and [[Alaska Native]], 2.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.2% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 1,495 households, out of which 32% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 35% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.05 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $66,950, and the median income for a family was $74,541. Males had a median income of $55,170 versus $36,047 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $31,543. About 0.9% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 1.4% of those under age 18 and 0.0% of those age 65 or over.

