==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 330
|1870= 400
|1880= 449
|1890= 644
|1900= 631
|1910= 672
|1920= 702
|1930= 620
|1940= 593
|1950= 1033
|1960= 1166
|1970= 1380
|1980= 1366
|1990= 1220
|2000= 1209
|2010= 1247
|2020= 1219
| estyear = 2024
| estimate = 1292
|estref={{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,209 people, 307 households, and 194 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|738.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 342 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.99% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 307 households, out of which 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.8% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.3% under the age of 18, 40.7% from 18 to 24, 14.5% from 25 to 44, 14.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $53,000. Males had a median income of $35,917 versus $27,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,758. About 9.5% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of those under age 18 and 14.0% of those age 65 or over.

