==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 79
|1910= 99
|1920= 118
|1930= 149
|1940= 324
|1950= 383
|1960= 401
|1970= 229
|1980= 261
|1990= 208
|2000= 185
|2010= 180
|2020= 147
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Sycamore racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4570900&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=February 24, 2022|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|95
|64.63%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|40
|27.21%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|4
|2.72%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|5
|3.4%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|3
|2.04%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''147'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 147 people, 104 households, and 36 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 185 people, 81 households, and 54 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|58.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 93 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the town was 61.62% White, 35.14% African American, 0.54% Native American, 0.54% from other races, and 2.16% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.16%.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

Of the 81 households 22.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.6% of households were one person and 16.0% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.85.

The age distribution was 18.9% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% 65 or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median household income was $28,333 and the median family income  was $40,625. Males had a median income of $35,500 versus $18,750 for females. The per capita income for the town was $18,297. About 6.8% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those sixty five or over.

