==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 321
|1890= 653
|1900= 738
|1910= 778
|1920= 645
|1930= 969
|1940= 977
|1950= 1014
|1960= 1194
|1970= 1036
|1980= 1022
|1990= 998
|2000= 1046
|2010= 1106
|2020= 1319
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,106 people, 477 households, and 298 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1940.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 515 housing units at an average density of {{convert|903.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 477 households, of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 37.4 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,046 people, 436 households, and 286 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,037.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 456 housing units at an average density of {{convert|888.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.66% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.29% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.48% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.91% of the population.

There were 436 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 33.4% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $40,875, and the median income for a family was $46,346. Males had a median income of $35,714 versus $27,031 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,308. About 2.1% of families and 3.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.

