==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 374
|1950= 333
|1960= 511
|1970= 541
|1980= 356
|1990= 339
|2000= 453
|2010= 447
|2020= 431
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-46.pdf|title=Population and Housing Unit Counts - Utah | archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20201020043223/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-46.pdf | archive-date=2020-10-20 |website=www.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite book|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=uYs5AQAAIAAJ|title=Census of Population: 1960: Characteristics of the population. pt. A and numb. pts. in|last=Census|first=United States Bureau of the|date=January 1, 1961|publisher=U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census|language=en}}</ref><ref>{{Cite book|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=5uFFAAAAYAAJ|title=Fifteenth Census of the United States: 1930: Population ....|author1-link=Leon E. Truesdell|last1=Truesdell|first1=Leon Edgar|date=January 1, 1931|publisher=United States Bureau of the Census|language=en}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=2020 US Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Rush+Valley+town,+Utah |website=United States Census Bureau |access-date=4 June 2025}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 453 people, 149 households, and 123 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 24.7 people per square mile (9.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 169 housing units at an average density of 9.2 per square mile (3.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 98.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.66% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 149 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.8% were non-families. 12.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.04 and the average family size was 3.34.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,875, and the median income for a family was $48,036. Males had a median income of $41,136 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,661. About 7.1% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

