==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 220
|1940= 203
|1950= 233
|1960= 207
|1970= 236
|1980= 219
|1990= 187
|2000= 182
|2010= 156
|2020= 102
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 156 people, 66 households, and 43 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|917.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 66 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 182 people, 72 households, and 48 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|825.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|390.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.55% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 31.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.3% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $45,893. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,151. About 6.1% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 6.3% of those 65 or over.

