==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 98
|1930= 127
|1940= 78
|1950= 110
|1960= 130
|1970= 176
|1980= 152
|1990= 143
|2000= 147
|2010= 141
|2020= 176
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 141 people, 36 households, and 24 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1762.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 50 housing units at an average density of {{convert|625.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 46.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 46.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 53.9% of the population.

There were 36 households, of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.92 and the average family size was 4.83.

The median age in the town was 26.1 years. 36.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 12.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.5% were from 25 to 44; 14.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.8% male and 48.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 147 people, 47 households, and 32 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,353.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|832.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.71% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.68% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.16% of the population.

There were 47 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,250, and the median income for a family was $26,500. Males had a median income of $22,083 versus $12,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,379. There were 20.8% of families and 16.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 24.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

