==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 444
|1920= 500
|1930= 531
|1940= 393
|1950= 365
|1960= 388
|1970= 305
|1980= 257
|1990= 227
|2000= 167
|2010= 126
|2020= 110
|estyear=2022
|estimate=102
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 23, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 23, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 126 people, 63 households, and 31 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|484.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 4.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 63 households, of which 19.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.8% were non-families. 46.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 49 years. 17.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 167 people, 82 households, and 39 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|624.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|381.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.20% from two or more races.

There were 82 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.4% were non-families. 48.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.2% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $37,188. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $12,292 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,610. About 15.4% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.0% of those 65 or over.

