==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 210
|1920= 230
|1930= 209
|1940= 247
|1950= 286
|1960= 274
|1970= 303
|1980= 347
|1990= 353
|2000= 346
|2010= 372
|2020= 464
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 372 people, 146 households, and 99 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|372.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 168 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.3% of the population.

There were 146 households, of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 34.4 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.3% were from 25 to 44; 23.7% were from 45 to 64; and 10.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 346 people, 143 households, and 94 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|528.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|224.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2 [[African American (U.S. Census)|African Americans]], 1 [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3 from two or more races.

There were 143 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.6% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 17.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,094, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $29,750 versus $24,545 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,314.  About 9.5% of families and 14.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.5% of those under age 18 and 33.8% of those age 65 or over.

