==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 8
|1980= 230
|1990= 440
|2000= 685
|2010= 849
|2020= 877
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
The town is part of [[Breckenridge, CO Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 685 people, 268 households, and 151 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|314.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 563 housing units at an average density of {{convert|258.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 98.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.44% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.04% of the population.

There were 268 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 16.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.4% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 46.9% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 2.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $61,964, and the median income for a family was $70,714. Males had a median income of $34,844 versus $32,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $28,411.  About 2.8% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.7% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear}}

