==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 205
|1950= 219
|1960= 218
|1970= 146
|1980= 156
|1990= 134
|2000= 133
|2010= 92
|2020= 80
|estyear=2022
|estimate=70
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 18, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 18, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 92 people, 30 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|657.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 30 households, of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 53.3% were non-families. 46.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.73 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the city was 65.5 years. 6.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 51.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.6% male and 55.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 133 people, 43 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|978.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.25% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 43 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.5% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 12.8% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 47.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 64 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,237. There were 17.9% of families and 19.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 47.1% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

