==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 558
|1910= 448
|1920= 574
|1930= 962
|1940= 919
|1950= 1001
|1960= 1521
|1970= 1631
|1980= 1721
|1990= 1742
|2000= 1629
|2010= 1591
|2020= 1521
|estyear= 2024
|estimate= 1513
|estref=<ref name="2024 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,591 people, 662 households, and 448 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1205.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 705 housing units at an average density of {{convert|534.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 662 households, of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 39.8 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,629 people, 664 households, and 470 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|155,228.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 696 housing units at an average density of {{convert|525.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.87% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.49% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.06% [[Asian American]], and 0.80% from two or more races. 1.10% of the population is [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 664 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,756, and the median income for a family was $43,796. Males had a median income of $34,286 versus $21,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,904. About 5.9% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.6% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.

