==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 162
|1980= 248
|1990= 257
|2000= 295
|2010= 586
|2020= 584
|estyear=2024
|estimate=654
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=March 6, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020–2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=March 6, 2024}}</ref> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 584 people, 240 households, and 186 families residing in the town.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=West%20Point%20town,%20Alabama%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=March 6, 2024 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> There were 247 housing units.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 295 people, 114 households, and 89 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|254.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]]. 0.68% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 114 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.9% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 27.8% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,295, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $24,821 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,963. About 11.0% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.8% of those 65 or over.

