==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1890= 311
|1900= 529
|1910= 571
|1920= 575
|1930= 517
|1940= 515
|1950= 477
|1960= 402
|1970= 472
|1980= 700
|1990= 719
|2000= 868
|2010= 880
|2020= 859
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
McLouth is part of the [[Topeka, Kansas]] [[Topeka metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].
===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 859 people, 346 households, and 232 families in McLouth.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035857/https://data.census.gov/table?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 1,491.3 per square mile (575.8/km{{sup|2}}). There were 374 housing units at an average density of 649.3 per square mile (250.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035859/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |url-status=live }}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov |archive-date=August 11, 2023 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20230811052610/https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |url-status=live }}</ref> The racial makeup was 91.97% (790) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (89.76% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.35% (3) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.35% (3) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.12% (1) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% (1) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.35% (3) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 6.75% (58) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035858/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 3.49% (30) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035858/https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref>

Of the 346 households, 34.1% had children under the age of 18; 49.7% were married couples living together; 24.6% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.9% of households consisted of individuals and 13.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.8 and the average family size was 3.3.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035859/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 15.6% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035858/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref>

27.2% of the population was under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 24.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 102.9 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $50,776 (with a margin of error of +/- $6,476) and the median family income was $54,917 (+/- $13,357).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035858/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref> Males had a median income of $34,583 (+/- $8,727) versus $23,516 (+/- $7,400) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $32,177 (+/- $4,962).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035859/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref> Approximately, 10.5% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.9% of those under the age of 18 and 6.8% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035858/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov |archive-date=January 14, 2024 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20240114035857/https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=McLouth%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |url-status=live }}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-06|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 880 people, 341 households, and 240 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1491.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|650.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.8% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 341 households, of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 32.2 years. 31.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.4% were from 25 to 44; 22.7% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 868 people, 326 households, and 246 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,800.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 350 housing units at an average density of {{convert|726.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.92% of the population.

There were 326 households, out of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.07.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.6% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,865, and the median income for a family was $44,063. Males had a median income of $36,100 versus $22,273 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,012. About 4.7% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.1% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.

