==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 376
|1920= 413
|1930= 356
|1940= 390
|1950= 489
|1960= 645
|1970= 660
|1980= 666
|1990= 611
|2000= 794
|2010= 875
|2020= 933
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020===
As of the [[census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Clarkson city, Kentucky - 2020 census |url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html?searchType=web&cssp=SERP&q=Clarkson%20city,%20Kentucky |access-date=January 24, 2023 |website=census.gov/}}</ref> of 2020, there were 933 people, 406 households, and '''226 families residing in the city'''. The [[population density]] was {{convert|876.88|PD/sqmi|PD/sqkm}}. There were 456 housing units. .

There were 353 households.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,118.

===2000===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 794 people, 353 households, and 226 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1,401.7|PD/sqmi|PD/sqkm}}. There were 394 housing units at an average density of {{convert|695.5|/sqmi|/sqkm}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.01% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.13% from two or more races.

There were 353 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 12.3% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,625, and the median income for a family was $28,000. Males had a median income of $27,308 versus $19,861 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,888. About 20.0% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.4% of those under age 18 and 21.4% of those age 65 or over.

