==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 136
|1890= 428
|1900= 278
|1910= 402
|1920= 527
|1930= 461
|1940= 688
|1950= 500
|1960= 892
|1970= 631
|1980= 823
|1990= 699
|2000= 838
|2010= 749
|2020= 653
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 838 people, 353 households, and 234 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,318.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|598.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 85.44% [[White American|White]], 12.65% [[African American]], 0.12% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], and 1.79% from [[Multiracial American|two or more races]]. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanics or Latinos]] of any race were 0.24% of the population.

There were 353 households, out of which 30.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.

The age distribution was 25.5% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $28,542. Males had a median income of $31,442 versus $17,109 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,021. About 26.0% of families and 25.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 33.1% of those under age 18 and 29.5% of those age 65 or over.

