==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 73
|1890= 90
|1900= 149
|1910= 156
|1920= 187
|1930= 70
|1940= 75
|1950= 89
|1960= 96
|1970= 111
|1980= 68
|1990= 119
|2000= 107
|2010= 88
|2020= 90
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tatitlek first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as the unincorporated village of "Tatikhlek."<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&q=tatitlek&pg=PA49|title=Geological Survey Professional Paper|date=August 10, 1949|publisher=U.S. Government Printing Office|via=Google Books}}</ref> All 73 of its residents were listed as Inuit, despite being Chugach Alutiiq, who would have been listed as “[[Alaskan Athabaskan|Tinneh]]” in the census.<ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1880}}</ref> In 1890, it returned as "Tatitlak." This also included an unnamed [[Alaskan Creole people|Creole]] (mixed Russian and Native) village on Cordova (now Orca) Bay. Of the 90 residents, 53 were Native, 36 were Creole and 1 White.<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> In 1900, it returned as "Tatiklek." In 1910 and in every successive census, it has returned as its present spelling of Tatitlek. It was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980. Within its boundaries is the former mining village of '''Ellamar''' (which reported on the 1910-20 & 1940-50 censuses. 1910: 98; 1920: 106; 1940: 23; 1950: 46).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 107 people, 38 households, and 28 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|14.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 57 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 14.02% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 84.11% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.93% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 0.93% from two or more races.

Of the 38 households, 44.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were married couples living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 36.4% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,875, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $8,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,015. There were 17.9% of families and 24.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

