==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 766
|1920= 892
|1930= 624
|1940= 475
|1950= 360
|1960= 265
|1970= 238
|1980= 210
|1990= 148
|2000= 157
|2010= 146
|2020= 127
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}As of the census of 2000,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 157 people, 82 households, and 36 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,237.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,710.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.55% from two or more races. 29.1% were of [[Finnish people|Finnish]], 19.6% Italian, 12.2% German, 12.2% English and 7.4% French ancestry. By 2010,<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> there were 146 people, 73 households, and 38 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2085.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1700.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. At the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], its population was 127.<ref name=":12" />

In 2000, there were 82 households, out of which 18.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.1% were married couples living together, 3.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.9% were non-families. 48.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 2.84. In 2010, there were 73 households, of which 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.9% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.9% were non-families. 38.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.1% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 137.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 139.6 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the village was $24,231, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $21,563 versus $21,250 for females. The per capita income for the village was $16,188. About 8.3% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under the age of eighteen and 5.9% of those sixty five or over. In 2010, the median age in the village was 45.7 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 32.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

