==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 196
|1910= 253
|1920= 257
|1930= 263
|1940= 250
|1950= 291
|1960= 261
|1970= 207
|1980= 211
|1990= 210
|2000= 190
|2010= 183
|2020= 166
|estyear=2022
|estimate=165
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=February 8, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=February 8, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 183 people, 86 households, and 47 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|79.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|42.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 86 households, of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.3% were non-families. 37.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the city was 39.8 years. 21.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 32.2% were from 45 to 64; and 14.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.8% male and 49.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 190 people, 88 households, and 54 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|85.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.37% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.58% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 88 households, out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.6% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.5% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 23.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $27,000. Males had a median income of $23,875 versus $21,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,910.  About 17.7% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.6% of those 65 or over.

