==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 232
|1960= 194
|1970= 176
|1980= 191
|1990= 132
|2000= 247
|2010= 269
|2020= 308
|estyear=2019
|estimate=288
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 269 people, 95 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|471.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 6.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.8% of the population.

There were 95 households, of which 46.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.61.

The median age in the city was 35.1 years. 36.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 7.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

