==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 733
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 census, there were 873 people in 338 households living within the boundaries of Mount Savage. 236 of those were family households. The racial makeup of Mount Savage was 96.4% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|White]], 0.6% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|African American]], 0.1% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], 1.3% some other race, and 1.6% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|two or more races]]. [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Hispanic]] or [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US2454325| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212135236/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US2454325| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Mount Savage CDP, Maryland| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=May 28, 2013}}</ref>

There were 338 households, out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were headed by married couples living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.2% were non-family households. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% were someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.10.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

In Mount Savage the population was spread out, with 23.1% below the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 and older. The median age was 40.3. 49.5% of the population was male and 50.5% of the population was female.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2007–11, the median household income was $47,098 and the median income for a family was $48,833. The median income for male full-time workers was $53,153 versus $19,953 for females. The [[per capita income]] for Mount Savage was $18,636. 3.7% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]].<ref>{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US2454325| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212082530/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/11_5YR/DP03/1600000US2454325| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): Mount Savage CDP, Maryland| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| accessdate=May 28, 2013}}</ref>

