==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 373
|1980= 405
|1990= 339
|2000= 354
|2010= 282
|2020= 254
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Anderson first appeared on the 1980 U.S. Census as an incorporated town.<ref>{{cite web |author1=Bureau of the Census |title=1980 Census Characteristics of the Population - Number of Inhabitants - Alabama |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1980a_alABC-01.pdf |date=April 1982}}</ref> It also included its unincorporated population from 1970, which was not originally listed on that census.

===2000 Census data===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 354 people, 148 households, and 107 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|274.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|134.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.15% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.56% from two or more races.

There were 148 households, out of which 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,750, and the median income for a family was $30,962. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $28,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,477. About 13.3% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.

