==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 235
|1960= 151
|1970= 116
|1980= 74
|1990= 48
|2000= 30
|2010= 31
|2020= 10
|estyear=2024
|estimate=9
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 18, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 31 people, 13 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|134.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 6.5% from two or more races.

There were 13 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.1% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the city was 59.5 years. 25.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.2% were from 25 to 44; 12.9% were from 45 to 64; and 45.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 30 people, 18 households, and 7 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|127.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, out of which 5.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 61.1% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.67 and the average family size was 2.43.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 6.7% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 13.3% from 25 to 44, 30.0% from 45 to 64, and 40.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females, there were 150.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 154.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,000, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,986. There were no families and 28.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 60.0% of those over 64.

