==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 250
|1890= 270
|1900= 284
|1910= 430
|1920= 564
|1930= 722
|1940= 832
|1950= 1233
|1960= 1569
|1970= 2850
|1980= 4886
|1990= 5728
|2000= 6049
|2010= 5985
|2020= 6727
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 25, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 5,985 people, 2,559 households, and 1,715 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2933.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}.{{Contradictory inline|reason=Infobox is different|date=May 2019}} There were 2,793 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1369.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 7.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.4% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.7% of the population.

There were 2,559 households, of which 26.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.0% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the town was 42.4 years. 20.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 29.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 6,049 people, 2,570 households, and 1,721 families residing in the town. The population density was 2,916.9 people per square mile (1,128.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 2,674 housing units at an average density of 1,289.4 per square mile (498.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 78.46% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.70% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.84% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.61% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.65% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.41% of the population.

There were 2,570 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the age distribution of the population showed 22.8% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,113, and the median income for a family was $54,725. Males had a median income of $40,505 versus $34,136 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $27,124. About 6.9% of families and 8.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of those under age 18 and 3.7% of those age 65 or over.

