==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 417
|1920= 412
|1930= 381
|1940= 217
|1950= 211
|1960= 158
|1970= 169
|1980= 147
|1990= 139
|2000= 157
|2010= 178
|2020= 155
|estyear=2023
|estimate=160
|estref=<ref name="Census-Estimate"/> {{increase}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=July 26, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Index has a permanent population of 155 residents as of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], many of whom are retirees or work locally.<ref name="Census-Profile"/><ref name="Herald-Virus"/> The town also has seasonal residents living in [[vacation home]]s or other accommodations, bringing the area's population to an estimated 500 people during the summer months.<ref name="BH-1999"/><ref name="Herald-Virus"/> Index is the smallest municipality in Snohomish County and Western Washington.<ref name="Census-Profile"/><ref>{{cite news |last=Thompson |first=Joseph |date=August 13, 2021 |title=2020 Census: Snohomish County grows by more than 114,000 |url=https://www.heraldnet.com/news/2020-census-snohomish-county-grows-by-more-than-114000/ |work=The Everett Herald |accessdate=March 22, 2024}}</ref> The town's population had peaked at 1,000 residents near 1900 and declined since, remaining relatively unchanged since 1960.<ref name="HazardPlan"/>

===2020 census===

As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 U.S. census]], there were 155 people and 72 households living in the town, which had a [[population density]] of {{convert|673.91|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 100 total housing units, of which 72% were occupied and 28% were vacant or for occasional use. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of Index was 85.2% [[White Americans|White]], 1.9% [[Native American]] and [[Alaskan Native]], 0.6% Black or [[African American]], 0.6% [[Asian American|Asian]], and 0.0% [[Native Hawaiian]] and [[Pacific Islander]]. Residents who listed another race were 0.0% of the population and those who identified as more than one race were 11.6% of the population. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] residents of any race were 4.5% of the population.<ref name="Census2020">{{cite web |title=2020 Decennial Census DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=160XX00US5333175 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=August 11, 2025}}</ref>

Of the 72 households in Index, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 9.7% were cohabitating but unmarried. Households with a male householder with no spouse or partner were 27.8% of the population, while households with a female householder with no spouse or partner were 20.8% of the population. Out of all households, 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them and 41.7% had residents who were 65 years of age or older.<ref name="Census2020"/> There were 72 occupied housing units in Index, of which 79.2% were owner-occupied and 20.8% were occupied by [[renting|renters]].<ref name="Census2020"/>

The median age in the town was 48.8 years old for all sexes, 47.5 years old for males, and 52.5 years old for females. Of the total population, 16.2% of residents were under the age of 19; 24.5% were between the ages of 20 and 39; 34.2% were between the ages of 40 and 64; and 25.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.<ref name="Census2020"/>

===2010 census===

As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 U.S. census]], there were 178 people, 80 households, and 44 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|773.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|504.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.<ref name="Census">{{cite web |date=September 2011 |title=Decennial Census Tables |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/data/tables.2010.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=May 26, 2020 |archive-date=July 16, 2020 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20200716141754/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/data/tables.2010.html |url-status=live}}</ref>

There were 80 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.0% were non-families. 41.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.02.<ref name="Census"/>

The median age in the town was 42 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 35.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.<ref name="Census"/>

