==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1114
|1880= 945
|1890= 961
|1900= 1134
|1910= 1170
|1920= 1206
|1930= 1489
|1940= 1762
|1950= 1957
|1960= 2105
|1970= 2401
|1980= 2521
|1990= 2393
|2000= 2418
|2010= 2678
|2020= 2942
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Because it straddles multiple counties, Wisconsin Dells is part of several [[core-based statistical area]]s (CBSAs). The Columbia County portion of the city is part of the [[Madison, Wisconsin, metropolitan statistical area|Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area]], while the Sauk County portion is part of the [[Baraboo, Wisconsin|Baraboo]] [[Micropolitan Statistical Area]]. The Adams and Juneau county portions are not part of any metropolitan or micropolitan area.

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5588150">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Wisconsin Dells city, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5588150&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=July 21, 2022}}</ref> the population was 2,942. The [[population density]] was {{convert|375.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,512 housing units at an average density of {{convert|192.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 85.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.9% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.6% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.5% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 12.4% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

Of the 2020 total population of 2,942, the population by county was:

*Adams County: 105
*Columbia County: 2449
*Juneau County: 4
*Sauk County: 384

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,678 people, 1,148 households, and 659 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|363.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,485 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 91.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 7.4% of the population.

There were 1,148 households, of which 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.6% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 40.3 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

Of the 2010 total population of 2,678, the population by county was:
*Adams County: 61
*Columbia County: 2,440
*Juneau County: 2
*Sauk County: 175

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,418 people, 1,019 households, and 609 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|583.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 1,178 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.1|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.87% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.25% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.62% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 1,019 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $35,699, and the median income for a family was $46,304. Males had a median income of $29,830 versus $22,553 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,447. About 4.0% of families and 7.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under age 18 and 3% of those age 65 or over.

