==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 158
|1930= 162
|1940= 164
|1950= 90
|1960= 101
|1970= 95
|1980= 69
|1990= 111
|2000= 185
|2010= 178
|2020= 170
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 185 people, 79 households, and 54 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|341.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|158.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.30% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.54% from two or more races.

There were 79 households, of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 27.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.80.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,071, and the median income for a family was $46,042. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,189. About 8.2% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 14.3% of those sixty-five or over.

