==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,749 people, 502 households, and 313 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|842.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 928 housing units at an average density of {{convert|447.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 89.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.97% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.17% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.41% of the population.

There were 502 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.6% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.8% under the age of 18, 34.0% from 18 to 24, 17.6% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $72,500, and the median income for a family was $89,211. Males had a median income of $51,172 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $28,378. About 7.7% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.

