==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 80
|2000= 221
|2010= 309
|2020= 120
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}

Mosquito Lake first reported on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 221 people, 86 households, and 55 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|2.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 91.40% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 5.43% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 3.17% from two or more races.

There were 86 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were married couples living together, 1.2% had a male householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 39.8% from 45 to 64, and 4.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 130.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $34,688, and the median income for a family was $37,500. Males had a median income of $42,917 versus $35,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,415.  About 30.0% of families and 33.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 62.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

