==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 276
|1900= 335
|1910= 313
|1920= 264
|1930= 280
|1940= 276
|1950= 391
|1960= 359
|1970= 378
|1980= 423
|1990= 357
|2000= 332
|2010= 403
|2020= 377
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 403 people, 153 households, and 114 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|419.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 162 housing units at an average density of {{convert|168.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 153 households, of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.5% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the village was 39.9 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 30.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 332 people, 124 households, and 93 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|344.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 129 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 99.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 00.08% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.60% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.72% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.2% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $45,625, and the median income for a family was $57,500. Males had a median income of $41,458 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $29,006.  None of the families and 3.9% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 9.4% of those over 64.

