==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 250
|1910= 195
|1920= 171
|1930= 154
|1940= 75
|1950= 66
|1960= 76
|1970= 64
|1980= 85
|1990= 75
|2000= 83
|2010= 58
|2020= 69
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 58 people, 25 households, and 16 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|386.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|206.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 25 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 12.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.69.

The median age in the village was 45 years. 24.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 29.3% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 83 people, 32 households, and 22 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|572.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|227.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 87.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 12.05% from two or more races.

There were 32 households, out of which 43.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 32.5% under the age of 18, 3.6% from 18 to 24, 34.9% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,038. There were 23.3% of families and 27.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 29.2% of under eighteens and 57.1% of those over 64.

