==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 659
|1880= 871
|1890= 2452
|1900= 3915
|1910= 5345
|1920= 6564
|1930= 8260
|1940= 8106
|1950= 6828
|1960= 6374
|1970= 6391
|1980= 7438
|1990= 7222
|2000= 7027
|2010= 6564
|2020= 6657
|estyear=2021
|estimate=6660
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR8">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2011-05-14 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 6,564 people, 2,816 households, and 1,742 families in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,727.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,024 housing units at an average density of {{convert|795.8|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 2,816 households, out of which 23% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.1% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 56.6% from 18 to 64, and 25.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.2 years.

The median income for a household in the borough was $38,153, and the median income for a family was $60,341. Males had a median income of $48,170 versus $32,158 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,063. About 6.6% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.

