==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 246
|1920= 618
|1930= 670
|1940= 771
|1950= 846
|1960= 1121
|1970= 937
|1980= 1077
|1990= 1054
|2000= 1153
|2010= 1129
|2020= 1172
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{Cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |access-date=June 4, 2015 |publisher=Census.gov}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=December 14, 2012 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,129 people, 476 households, and 314 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|350.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 532 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.1% of the population.

There were 476 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the town was 42.6 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.0% male and 49.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,153 people, 482 households, and 332 families residing in the town. The population density was 357.4 people per square mile (137.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 517 housing units at an average density of 160.3 per square mile (61.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.92% White, 0.17% African American, 0.69% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 1.82% from other races, and 1.21% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.85% of the population.

There were 482 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.3% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,152, and the median income for a family was $40,417. Males had a median income of $30,078 versus $20,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,525. About 7.3% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.2% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.

