==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1026
|1880= 794
|1890= 799
|1900= 707
|1910= 621
|1920= 526
|1930= 696
|1940= 628
|1950= 770
|1960= 927
|1970= 1022
|1980= 1079
|1990= 954
|2000= 1065
|2010= 925
|2020= 865
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{Cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=November 25, 2012 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2010, there were 925 people, 513 households, and 243 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|783.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 942 housing units at an average density of {{convert|798.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 513 households, of which 14.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.6% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.43.

The median age in the city was 53.3 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18% were from 25 to 44; 44.2% were from 45 to 64; and 21.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,065 people, 549 households, and 265 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|893.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 928 housing units at an average density of {{convert|778.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.21% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.94% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.41% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.38% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.32% of the population.

There were 549 households, out of which 18.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.7% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 16.8% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,317, and the median income for a family was $64,582. Males had a median income of $46,160 versus $26,485 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $34,382.  About 6.7% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.1% of those under age 18 and 5.4% of those age 65 or over.

