==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 98
|1920= 181
|1930= 182
|1940= 226
|1950= 246
|1960= 216
|1970= 254
|1980= 262
|1990= 235
|2000= 226
|2010= 191
|2020= 214
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 191 people, 92 households, and 48 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|502.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 110 housing units at an average density of {{convert|289.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 92 households, of which 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.8% were non-families. 44.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 40.4 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.3% male and 48.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 226 people, 100 households, and 61 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|600.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|287.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.90% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.44% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.77% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 21.7% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.2 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,838.  None of the families and 2.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.1% of those over 64.

