==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
|1920 = 434
|1930 = 559
|1940 = 621
|1950 = 489
|1990 = 511
|2000 = 533
|2010 = 461
|2020 = 491
|footnote = Source: U.S. Census Bureau<ref name=census>{{cite web |url = https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |title = Census of Population and Housing |publisher = U.S. Census Bureau |accessdate = September 18, 2023}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 533 people, 170 households, and 139 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 76.0 people per square mile (29.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 190 housing units at an average density of 27.1/sq&nbsp;mi (10.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 85.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.56% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.63% of the population.

There were 170 households, out of which 44.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 15.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.14 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.5% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,214, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $35,500 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $13,138. About 10.6% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.

