==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 32
|1890= 774
|1900= 1885
|1910= 1757
|1920= 1549
|1930= 1386
|1940= 1530
|1950= 1733
|1960= 1520
|1970= 1740
|1980= 1732
|1990= 1481
|2000= 1590
|2010= 1427
|2020= 1339
|estyear=2024
|estimate=1327
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,427 people, 615 households, and 366 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|703.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 670 housing units at an average density of {{convert|330.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 615 households, of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.5% were non-families. 33.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the city was 41.2 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,590 people, 608 households, and 380 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|749.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 652 housing units at an average density of {{convert|307.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 94.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.44% of the population.

There were 608 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,536, and the median income for a family was $41,413. Males had a median income of $29,792 versus $20,185 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,177.  About 8.3% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.

