==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1980= 311
| 1990= 340
| 2000= 474
| 2010= 541
| 2020= 465
| footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 474 people, 191 households, and 131 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|559.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 210 housing units at an average density of {{convert|247.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the village was 65.82% White, 1.05% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 28.06% from other races, and 4.85% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 56.33% of the population.

There were 191 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.4% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.8% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $34,167, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $31,750 versus $25,179 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,836. About 9.6% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2011, there were 548 people living in Tijeras. By 2009, the estimated mean household income had risen to $49,441, slightly above that of the state as a whole ($43,028). The mean price of a housing unit in 2009 was $229,479, which was significantly higher than the mean home price in the state as a whole ($160,900).

