==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 118
|1920= 139
|1930= 183
|1940= 189
|1950= 217
|1960= 253
|1970= 236
|1980= 221
|1990= 194
|2000= 174
|2010= 149
|2020= 131
|estimate= 144
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/springport-demographics|title=Springport Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 149 people, 61 households, and 41 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1241.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 72 housing units at an average density of {{convert|600.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.4% from two or more races.

There were 61 households, of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the town was 41.2 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 31.6% were from 45 to 64; and 13.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 43.0% male and 57.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 174 people, 63 households, and 53 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,309.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|489.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.45% of the population.

There were 63 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.3% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,125, and the median income for a family was $32,188. Males had a median income of $39,167 versus $32,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,217. About 8.5% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.4% of those 65 or over.

