==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 154
|1920= 149
|1930= 110
|1940= 121
|1950= 130
|1960= 145
|1970= 162
|1980= 141
|1990= 170
|2000= 161
|2010= 172
|2020= 144
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 172 people, 67 households, and 55 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|351.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 71 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.2% were married couples living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.9% were non-families. 17.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the town was 48 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.4% were from 25 to 44; 40.2% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 161 people, 59 households, and 49 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|330.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 65 housing units at an average density of {{convert|133.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.86% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.62% of the population.

There were 59 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.2% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.3% were non-families. 11.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 14.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $78,791, and the median income for a family was $79,581. Males had a median income of $52,188 versus $50,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $38,001. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

