==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1800= 257
|1810= 547
|1820= 789
|1830= 869
|1840= 1022
|1850= 1203
|1860= 1328
|1870= 1247
|1880= 2011
|1890= 2242
|1900= 2167
|1910= 2235
|1920= 2330
|1930= 2953
|1940= 3268
|1950= 3521
|1960= 3696
|1970= 3302
|1980= 3326
|1990= 3137
|2000= 3141
|2010= 2841
|2020= 2865
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2846
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web |title=Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web |title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012 |url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |work=Population Estimates |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 11, 2013 |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html |archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html |title=Census of Population and Housing |publisher=Census.gov |accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web |url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42 |title=Census Population API |publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
Census data shows that as of 2021,<ref>{{cite web |last1=Census Reporter |title=Bedford, PA - Profile Data |url=https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US4204944-bedford-pa/ |access-date=May 22, 2023}}</ref> there were 2,851 people, 1,265 households, and 1,492 housing units in Bedford. 50% of the population was female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the borough was 95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0% of the population. Only 0.1% of the population was foreign born, with 91% coming from Europe.  49% of the population was married and 51% single.

Of the 1,265 households, 62% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8% had a female householder, 7% male householder, and 23% were non-families. The average household size was 2.3. Of the 1,492 housing units, 85% were occupied and 58% owner-occupied. 56% of the housing units were single unit and 44% multi-unit. The median value of owner-occupied housing units was $148,600 - about 75% of the state median.

The median age of borough residents was 49.5, about 20% higher than the state median. 18% of residents were under the age of 18, 54% from 18 to 64, and 29% were 65 years of age or older.

The median household income in the borough was $57,182, while per capita income was $30,401, both below the state medians.  6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0% of those under age 18 and 12% of those age 65 or over. 91.9% had a high school degree or better, and 24.7% had a bachelor's degree or better.

