==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 205
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A41|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 169 people, 94 households, and 47 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|117.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 408 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.37% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 11.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 40.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.32.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 8.9% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 17.8% from 25 to 44, 44.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,000, and the median income for a family was $61,094. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $61,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,576. None of the families and 8.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.8% of those over 64.

