==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 214
|1910= 243
|1920= 334
|1930= 310
|1940= 334
|1950= 340
|1960= 318
|1970= 330
|1980= 360
|1990= 302
|2000= 339
|2010= 319
|2020= 276
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|df=mdy-all}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 319 people, 124 households, and 83 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|778.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 136 housing units at an average density of {{convert|331.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 124 households, of which 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.1% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 33.5 years. 28.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 17.3% were from 45 to 64; and 19.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 339 people, 132 households, and 86 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|853.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|357.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.29% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 132 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.36.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.6% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 23.0% from 25 to 44, 15.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $25,536, and the median income for a family was $34,583. Males had a median income of $22,500 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,302. About 9.3% of families and 14.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.1% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.

