==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 272
|1940= 470
|1950= 482
|1960= 527
|1970= 687
|1980= 800
|1990= 680
|2000= 622
|2010= 574
|2020= 534
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 23, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2019 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2019, there were 515 people, 268 households, and 134 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|226.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 306 housing units at an average density of {{convert|120.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 268 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 47 years. 19.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.5% were from 45 to 64; and 23% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 622 people, 275 households, and 158 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|790.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|383.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population. 20.3% were of [[norwegians|Norwegian]], 16.7% [[finns|Finnish]], 13.9% [[germans|German]], 12.7% [[swedish people|Swedish]], 6.6% [[United States|American]] and 4.9% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry.

There were 275 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,607, and the median income for a family was $34,643. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $22,232 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,848.  About 9.5% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.

