==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 766
|2010= 600
|2020= 469
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+College Station racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0514860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 31, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 15
| 3.2%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 435
| 92.75%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 11
| 2.35%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 8
| 1.71%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 469 people, 167 households, and 142 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 766 people, 260 households, and 171 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|683.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 309 housing units at an average density of {{convert|275.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.48% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 95.78% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.78% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 1.83% from two or more races.  0.78% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 260 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 32.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $14,191, and the median income for a family was $14,464. Males had a median income of $25,893 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,498. About 60.2% of families and 53.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 76.3% of those under age 18 and 28.3% of those age 65 or over.

