==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 347
|1920= 304
|1930= 369
|1940= 409
|1950= 403
|1960= 291
|1970= 231
|1980= 263
|1990= 210
|2000= 204
|2010= 494
|2020= 313
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Cumberland Gap racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4718880&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 27, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 265
| 84.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 9
| 2.88%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.32%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 22
| 7.03%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 10
| 3.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 6
| 1.92%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 313 people, 115 households, and 48 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 204 people, 89 households, and 51 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|629.9|pd/sqmi}}. There were 111 housing units at an average density of {{cvt|342.8|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.02% [[Race (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.98% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. Cumberland Gap ranks 289th in city size in Tennessee according to the 2017 U.S. Census Bureau.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/updates-acs-summary-file|title=ACS Summary File Table-Based Format|publisher=United States Census Bureau|website=Census.gov}}</ref>

There were 89 households, out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.6% were nonfamilies. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.1% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $40,625. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,005. About 9.3% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under the age of 18 and 28.6% of those 65 or over.

