==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 225
|1930= 177
|1940= 187
|1950= 154
|1960= 109
|1970= 84
|1980= 65
|1990= 41
|2000= 44
|2010= 31
|2020= 28
|estyear=2022
|estimate=27
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 19, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 31 people, 17 households, and 9 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|119.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.2% from two or more [[Race (human categorization)|races.]]

There were 17 households, of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.1% were non-families. 41.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 16.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 38.8% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.8% male and 45.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 44 people, 16 households, and 12 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|170.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|89.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 2.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 16 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 25.0% were non-families. 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,188, and the median income for a family was $37,188. Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,042. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

