==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 479
| 1920 = 741
| 1930 = 463
| 1940 = 459
| 1950 = 444
| 1960 = 309
| 1970 = 264
| 1980 = 281
| 1990 = 255
| 2000 = 224
| 2010 = 272
| 2020 = 281
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Carbon, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Carbon%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=Jun 3, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 224 people, 98 households, and 68 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|219.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|117.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.23% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.14% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 29.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,375, and the median income for a family was $33,750. Males had a median income of $21,500 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,299. About 4.8% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.1% of those 65 or over.

