==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 838
|1920= 861
|1930= 891
|1940= 825
|1950= 787
|1960= 593
|1970= 582
|1980= 617
|1990= 547
|2000= 657
|2010= 632
|2020= 642
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 632 people, 259 households, and 169 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1071.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 290 housing units at an average density of {{convert|491.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 259 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 40 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.4% were from 25 to 44; 26.6% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 657 people, 248 households, and 174 families living in the town. The population density was 1,099.7 people per square mile (422.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 289 housing units at an average density of 483.7 per square mile (186.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.91% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.61% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.07% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.28% of the population. 23.5% were of American, 15.1% English, 12.8% German, 9.9% Irish and 8.5% Polish ancestry.

There were 248 households, out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 30.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,321, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $36,875 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,481. About 20.0% of families and 22.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.7% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

