==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 148
|1910= 637
|1920= 878
|1930= 839
|1940= 830
|1950= 713
|1960= 683
|1970= 676
|1980= 645
|1990= 592
|2000= 537
|2010= 487
|2020= 408
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 23, 2013}}</ref><br/>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 487 people, 217 households, and 128 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1521.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|793.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 217 households, of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.0% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 49.2 years. 19.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.4% were from 25 to 44; 29.2% were from 45 to 64; and 27.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 537 people, 220 households, and 137 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,581.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 244 housing units at an average density of {{convert|718.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.74% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.19% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.74% of the population.

There were 220 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 36.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 20.7% from 45 to 64, and 30.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $27,039, and the median income for a family was $35,729. Males had a median income of $21,184 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,087. About 6.8% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.

