==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 175
|1920= 182
|1930= 219
|1940= 196
|1950= 178
|1960= 195
|1970= 116
|1980= 75
|1990= 60
|2000= 61
|2010= 27
|2020= 40
|estyear=2021
|estimate=40
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=July 14, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=July 14, 2022}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 30, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 27 people, 13 households, and 10 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|27.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, of which 7.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 23.1% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.30.

The median age in the city was 55.5 years. 3.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 51.8% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 59.3% male and 40.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 61 people, 26 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|61.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|32.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 3.28% from two or more races.

There were 26 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.62.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.5% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 26.2% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,875, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,048. There were no families and 8.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteen and 25.0% of those over 64.

{{clear left}}

