==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 154
|1890= 268
|1900= 409
|1910= 625
|1920= 645
|1930= 671
|1940= 782
|1950= 922
|1960= 1012
|1970= 1066
|1980= 1201
|1990= 1115
|2000= 1076
|2010= 1022
|2020= 866
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,076 people, 426 households, and 311 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,218.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 448 housing units at an average density of {{convert|507.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.44% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.02% of the population.

There were 426 households, out of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 10.2% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,019, and the median income for a family was $46,818. Males had a median income of $37,250 versus $21,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,754. About 5.4% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.7% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.

Glasford is located in the Illini Bluffs Unit School District 327, and is home to the Illini Bluffs Elementary School, Illini Bluffs Middle School, and [[Illini Bluffs High School]].<ref name=SDMap2020>{{cite web|url=https://www2.census.gov/geo/maps/DC2020/PL20/st17_il/schooldistrict_maps/c17143_peoria/DC20SD_C17143.pdf|title=2020 CENSUS - SCHOOL DISTRICT REFERENCE MAP: Peoria County, IL|publisher=[[U.S. Census Bureau]]|access-date=2024-10-30}} - [https://www2.census.gov/geo/maps/DC2020/PL20/st17_il/schooldistrict_maps/c17143_peoria/DC20SD_C17143_SD2MS.txt Text list]</ref>

