==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 95
|1890= 87
|1900= 139
|1910= 197
|1920= 258
|1930= 220
|1940= 233
|1950= 260
|1960= 226
|1970= 253
|1980= 266
|1990= 269
|2000= 229
|2010= 210
|2020= 252
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Taylorsville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1375664&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 12, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Taylorsville_town,_Georgia?g=160XX00US1375664 |access-date=March 31, 2023 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|235
|93.25%
|-
|[[Mixed Race|Mixed]] (two or more races)
|10
|3.96%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|6
|2.38%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|2
|0.79%
|-
|[[American Indian and Alaska Native|American Indian]] or [[Alaska Natives|Alaskan]] Native
|2
|0.79%
|-
|Asian
|0
|0%
|-
|Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander
|0
|0%
|-
|Other
|3
|1.19%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 252 people, 100 households, and 70 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, the population was 3,796.  The population density was {{convert|153.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 93.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.87% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.75% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.8% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.4% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $39,375, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $22,135.  None of the families and 2.1% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 6.1% of those over 64.

