==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 418
|1920= 549
|1930= 528
|1940= 641
|1950= 794
|1960= 926
|1970= 954
|1980= 1025
|1990= 1150
|2000= 1106
|2010= 1071
|2020= 1145
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-25}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,071 people, 462 households, and 258 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1039.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 537 housing units at an average density of {{convert|521.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 462 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the city was 36.2 years. 27.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,106 people, 496 households, and 291 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|1,017.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 546 housing units at an average density of {{convert|502.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.99% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.18% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.54% of the population.

There were 496 households, out of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.3% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.1% under the age of 18, 9.0% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $20,625, and the median income for a family was $27,813. Males had a median income of $29,722 versus $18,558 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,125.  About 18.1% of families and 21.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

