==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 283
|1870= 479
|1880= 498
|1890= 436
|1900= 481
|1910= 407
|1920= 631
|1930= 349
|1940= 462
|1950= 660
|1960= 715
|1970= 730
|1980= 841
|1990= 815
|2000= 763
|2010= 751
|2020= 782
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 763 people, 348 households, and 220 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|948.9|/sqmi|/km2}}. There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|477.5|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.98% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.13% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.57% from two or more races.

There were 348 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,594, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $30,250 versus $25,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,202. About 11.7% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over

