==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 207
|1920= 300
|1930= 296
|1940= 373
|1950= 404
|1960= 514
|1970= 459
|1980= 512
|1990= 368
|2000= 351
|2010= 327
|2020= 309
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 327 people, 153 households, and 94 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|375.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|203.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 153 households, of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.6% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the town was 51.3 years. 20.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 351 people, 151 households, and 94 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 428.7 people per square mile (165.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 188 housing units at an average density of 229.6 per square mile (88.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.42% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] peopleof any race were 2.56% of the population.

There were 151 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $31,953. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,030. About 5.8% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.6% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.

