==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 256
|1900= 308
|1910= 519
|1920= 477
|1930= 589
|1940= 751
|1950= 768
|1960= 666
|1970= 598
|1980= 636
|1990= 701
|2000= 744
|2010= 961
|2020= 784
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Faison racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3722560&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 283
| 36.1%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 115
| 14.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 5
| 0.64%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 36
| 4.59%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 345
| 44.01%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 784 people, 401 households, and 273 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 736 people, 316 households, and 136 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|888.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 354 housing units at an average density of {{convert|422.6|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 20.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.67% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 24.73% of the population.

There were 314 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.6% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,788, and the median income for a family was $30,724. Males had a median income of $25,536 versus $20,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,558. About 18.7% of families and 27.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.0% of those under age 18 and 24.3% of those age 65 or over.

