==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 135
|1890= 216
|1900= 258
|1910= 208
|1920= 211
|1930= 183
|1940= 174
|1950= 118
|1960= 99
|1970= 95
|1980= 80
|1990= 50
|2000= 53
|2010= 46
|2020= 25
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 25 people, 9 households, and 6 families in Hamlin.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Hamlin%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 287.4 per square mile (110.9/km{{sup|2}}). There were 14 housing units at an average density of 160.9 per square mile (62.1/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Hamlin%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 88.0% (22) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (88.0% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 8.0% (2) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 0.0% (0) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.0% (1) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Hamlin%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 0.0% (0) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Hamlin%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 9 households, 22.2% had children under the age of 18; 44.4% were married couples living together; 11.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 22.2% of households consisted of individuals and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 3.5 and the average family size was 3.5.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Hamlin%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

32.0% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.6 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 88.9 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $28,750 (with a margin of error of +/- $3,379) and the median family income was $28,750 (+/- $3,379).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Hamlin%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $12,000 (+/- $6,271) versus $25,625 (+/- $8,612) for females.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Hamlin%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-16 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 46 people, 19 households, and 13 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|511.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 24 housing units at an average density of {{convert|266.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.7% of the population.

There were 19 households, of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.6% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 44 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.3% were from 25 to 44; 26% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.5% male and 43.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 53 people, 19 households, and 15 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|538.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 26 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 19 households, out of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 15.8% were non-families. 15.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 15.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $18,750 versus $46,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,813. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

