==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 519
|1940= 685
|1950= 856
|1960= 1117
|1970= 964
|1980= 931
|1990= 805
|2000= 644
|2010= 615
|2020= 591
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 615 people, 278 households, and 159 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|788.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 343 housing units at an average density of {{convert|439.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 278 households, of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.8% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 45.9 years. 23.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 26% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 644 people, 291 households, and 185 families living in the town.  The population density was {{convert|815.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 384 housing units at an average density of {{convert|486.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.89% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.78% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.93% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 291 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.1% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.84.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 87.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,500, and the median income for a family was $36,354. Males had a median income of $28,125 versus $12,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,412. About 16.2% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.

