==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 171
|1920= 284
|1930= 288
|1940= 313
|1950= 236
|1960= 210
|1970= 144
|1980= 112
|1990= 93
|2000= 64
|2010= 64
|2020= 93
|estyear=2022
|estimate=91
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=December 26, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=December 26, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 64 people, 28 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|220.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|137.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 28 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.89.

The median age in the city was 49.3 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.2% were from 25 to 44; 37.6% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 42.2% male and 57.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 64 people, 30 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|223.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.12% of the population.

There were 30 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.59.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 15.6% from 25 to 44, 40.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 68.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $43,333. Males had a median income of $31,000 versus $14,444 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,409. There were 7.1% of families and 13.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

