==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 590
|1930= 312
|1940= 332
|1950= 430
|1960= 447
|1970= 400
|1980= 413
|1990= 420
|2000= 647
|2010= 677
|estyear=2019
|estimate=584
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
|2020=511}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 677 people, 229 households, and 167 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|270.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 265 housing units at an average density of {{convert|106.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 67.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 30.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 49.6% of the population.

There were 229 households, of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.1% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.46.

The median age in the city was 32.3 years. 32.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 647 people, 214 households, and 164 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|290.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|109.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 70.02% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.15% [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 27.51% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.08% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 39.57% of the population.

There were 214 households, out of which 49.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.9% were non-families. 19.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 3.02 and the average family size was 3.52.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,167, and the median income for a family was $30,417. Males had a median income of $24,444 versus $21,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,389.  About 21.4% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.7% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

