==Demographics==
Source:<ref name="bendersville.adamscountypa.gov">{{Cite web |title=Adams County Municipality Bendersville Borough - Contact Us |url=https://bendersville.adamscountypa.gov/departments/contact-us |access-date=2025-08-26 |website=bendersville.adamscountypa.gov}}</ref>
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 331
|1890= 370
|1900= 342
|1910= 355
|1920= 356
|1930= 384
|1940= 414
|1950= 409
|1960= 484
|1970= 528
|1980= 533
|1990= 560
|2000= 576
|2010= 641
|2020= 736
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=11 December 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 576 people, 202 households, and 156 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|1,391.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|536.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 90.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 5.90% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.87% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 12.67% of the population.

There were 202 households, out of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 17.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $39,688, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $20,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,066. About 7.5% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 5.2% of those age 65 or over.

Mayor of Bendersville is Leon Stoner<ref name="bendersville.adamscountypa.gov"/>

