==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 179
| 1980 = 281
| 1990 = 313
| 2000 = 358
| 2010 = 448
| 2020 = 484
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 499
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 358 people, 155 households, and 110 families residing in the town.  The [[population density]] was 40.4/km{{sup|2}} (104.6/mi<sup>2</sup>).  There were 167 housing units at an average density of 18.9/km{{sup|2}} (48.8/mi<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the town was 99.16% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.56% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.28% from two or more races.  3.07% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 155 households, out of which 26.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $41,406. Males had a median income of $30,417 versus $29,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,017.  About 10.1% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

