==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=379
|2020=390
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

River Pines first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that River Pines had a population of 390. The population density was {{convert|1,930.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of River Pines was 84.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.5% [[African Americans|African American]], 3.1% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 1.5% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.3% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 4.6% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 8.7% of the population.

There were 163 households, out of which 20.9% included children under the age of 18, 34.4% were married-couple households, 8.6% were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 19.6% had a female householder with no partner present, and 37.4% had a male householder with no partner present. 33.1% of households were one person, and 19.6% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.39. There were 88 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (54.0% of all households).

The age distribution was 22.1% under the age of 18, 2.3% aged 18 to 24, 19.2% aged 25 to 44, 32.1% aged 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 53.8{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 90.2 males.

There were 199 housing units at an average density of {{convert|985.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 163 (81.9%) were occupied. Of these, 77.9% were owner-occupied, and 22.1% were occupied by renters.<ref>{{cite web |title=River Pines CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0661124 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 26, 2025}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=River Pines CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0661124 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=March 26, 2025}}</ref>

