==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 404
| 2010 = 359
| 2020 = 346
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Chokoloskee racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1212150&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2022-02-12|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|324
|93.64%
|-
|Some Other Race (NH)
|1
|0.29%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|2
|0.58%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|19
|5.49%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''346'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 346 people, 155 households, and 106 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR3">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=31 January 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 404 people, 183 households, and 139 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|1,445.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 589 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,106.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.24% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.23% of the population.

There were 183 households, out of which 16.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.0% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.53.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 16.3% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 21.8% from 25 to 44, 32.2% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $36,389. Males had a median income of $26,333 versus $19,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,847.  About 2.4% of families and 1.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.7% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

