==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 859
|2020= 827
|estyear=
|estimate= 
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> 
}}

Fieldbrook first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Fieldbrook had a population of 827. The population density was {{convert|79.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Fieldbrook was 685 (82.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 7 (0.8%) [[African Americans|African American]], 19 (2.3%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 5 (0.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 3 (0.4%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 14 (1.7%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 94 (11.4%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 46 persons (5.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Fieldbrook CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0624008 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 344 households, out of which 80 (23.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 178 (51.7%) were married-couple households, 27 (7.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 62 (18.0%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 77 (22.4%) had a male householder with no partner present. 93 households (27.0%) were one person, and 36 (10.5%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.4.<ref name=DP1/> There were 215 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (62.5% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Fieldbrook CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0624008 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 20, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 145 people (17.5%) under the age of 18, 35 people (4.2%) aged 18 to 24, 178 people (21.5%) aged 25 to 44, 221 people (26.7%) aged 45 to 64, and 248 people (30.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 51.6{{nbsp}}years.    For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 377 housing units at an average density of {{convert|36.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 344 (91.2%) were occupied. Of these, 279 (81.1%) were owner-occupied, and 65 (18.9%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

