==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1980= 357
|1990= 320
|2000= 335
|2010= 294
|2020= 316
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 294 people, 123 households, and 93 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|392.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|182.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 6.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.8% of the population.

There were 123 households, of which 25.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.4% were non-families. 21.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the village was 53.7 years. 21.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.2% were from 25 to 44; 37.3% were from 45 to 64; and 29.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 335 people, 136 households, and 112 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|418.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 88.96% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.49% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.88% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 136 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them.  81.6% of households were married couples living together, 0.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.6% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.73.

The village population was 18.8% under the age of 18, 3.6% age 18 to 24, 14.6% age 25 to 44, 40.6% age 45 to 64, and 22.4% age 65 and older.  The median age was 52.  For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median household income was $149,056, and the median family income was $153,166. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $51,111 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $110,683.  None of the families and 0.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], none of whom were under the age of eighteen or over 64.

