==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 258
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2010,<ref>Vadito, NM "[https://www.census.gov U.S. Census website 2]". [[United States Census Bureau]]. Retrieved 2012-02-15.</ref> there were 270 people, 108 households, and 74 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|300.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|147.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 60.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 28.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 10.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 92.2% of the population.

There were 108 households, out of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them,<ref>"Households with individuals under 18 years", 26.9% had children of their own under 18 living with them.</ref> 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of lone individuals with almost half, 12.0%, being 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.01. The percentage of renters was only 15.7%, with the rest of the householders owning their own homes. 18.8% of the available housing was vacant.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.3% aged 19 and under, 22.2% from 20 to 39, 29.6% from 40 to 59, and 24.4% who were 60 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. The median age for females was 3.5 years older than males. For every 100 females, there were 97.1 males.

{{As of|2000}},<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> the median income for a household in the CDP was $16,875, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $4,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,481. About 41.1% of families and 35.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.1% of those 65 or over.

