==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 223
|1970= 356
|1980= 316
|1990= 413
|2000= 375
|2010= 250
|2020= 198
|estyear=2022
|estimate=253
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |url=https://population.us/nm/jemez-springs/|title=Jemez Springs, NM population }}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
Jemez Springs is in the [[Albuquerque metropolitan area|Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area]]. As of the [[census]]<ref name="2000census">{{cite web |year=2000 |title=United States Census |url=http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=Jemez+Springs&_cityTown=Jemez+Springs&_state=&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y |url-status=dead |archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212050334/http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFFacts?_event=Search&geo_id=&_geoContext=&_street=&_county=Jemez+Springs&_cityTown=Jemez+Springs&_state=&_zip=&_lang=en&_sse=on&pctxt=fph&pgsl=010&show_2003_tab=&redirect=Y |archive-date=February 12, 2020 |access-date=March 2, 2009 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> of 2000, there were 375 people, 113 households, and 82 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|78.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|31.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 78.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.87% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 12.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 27.47% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.4% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 3.2% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 32.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 72.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,818, and the median income for a family was $36,042. Males had a median income of $36,964 versus $4,960 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,522. About 13.5% of families and 20.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

Since 1990, the population has been on a decline, decreasing from 413 in 1990 to an estimated 253 in 2022.

