==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 174
| 1940 = 188
| 1950 = 219
| 1960 = 332
| 1970 = 1120
| 1980 = 1462
| 1990 = 1620
| 2000 = 1543
| 2010 = 1749
| 2020 = 1564
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,543 people, 533 households, and 455 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|408.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 570 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.97% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.92% of the population.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |access-date=January 31, 2008 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

There were 533 households, out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 14.6% were non-families. 12.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.15.<ref name="GR2" />

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.6% under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 32.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.7 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the village was $140,786, and the median income for a family was $157,973. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $69,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $63,148. About 1.1% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

