==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 135
|1910= 259
|1920= 358
|1930= 334
|1940= 246
|1950= 227
|1960= 193
|1970= 150
|1980= 132
|1990= 95
|2000= 108
|2010= 91
|2020= 112
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 91 people, 43 households, and 30 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|337.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 43 households, of which 20.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.2% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.57.

The median age in the town was 47.5 years. 22% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.8% were from 25 to 44; 38.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 58.2% male and 41.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 108 people, 52 households, and 31 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|404.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 61 housing units at an average density of {{convert|228.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.93% from two or more races.

There were 52 households, out of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.69.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.5% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 116.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $21,667 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,640. There were 9.4% of families and 12.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of under eighteens and 24.0% of those over 64.

