==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1920 = 237
| 1930 = 176
| 1940 = 207
| 1950 = 221
| 1960 = 181
| 1970 = 206
| 1980 = 214
| 1990 = 220
| 2000 = 224
| 2010 = 185
| 2020 = 188
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 185 people, 82 households, and 57 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|192.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.1% from two or more races.

There were 82 households, of which 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.5% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the village was 44.8 years. 18.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.0% male and 47.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 224 people, 94 households, and 67 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 229.2 people per square mile (88.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 98 housing units at an average density of 100.3 per square mile (38.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 94 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 33.9% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $36,667, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $31,136 versus $26,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,588. About 10.3% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.9% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

