==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 1204
|1910= 2207
|1920= 3590
|1930= 4540
|1940= 4454
|1950= 4861
|1960= 5877
|1970= 7110
|1980= 6749
|1990= 6592
|2000= 7172
|2010= 7019
|2020= 7513
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 7,172 people, 2,637 households, and 1,824 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|3,943.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,684 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,475.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The estimated racial makeup of the village in 2018 <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/pleasantvillevillagenewyork/PST045219#|title=Pleasantville village, New York|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=January 9, 2020}}</ref> was 71.7% [[Non-Hispanic whites|Non-Hispanic White]], 90.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.3% of the population.

There were 2,637 households, out of which 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.8% were non-families. 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.16.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 29.9% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $86,632, and the median income for a family was $105,227. Males had a median income of $62,344 versus $47,978 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $41,397. About 2.0% of families and 4.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.0% of those under age 18 and 3.5% of those age 65 or over.

