==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 100
|1890= 115
|1910= 404
|1920= 472
|1930= 564
|1940= 615
|1950= 786
|1960= 951
|1970= 1030
|1980= 1054
|1990= 1109
|2000= 1002
|2010= 1056
|2020= 1308
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1312
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021">{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |website=Census.gov |publisher=US Census Bureau |access-date=July 9, 2022}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Stoneville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3765100&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 905
| 69.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 172
| 13.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 5
| 0.38%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 44
| 3.36%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 182
| 13.91%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,308 people, 474 households, and 374 families residing in the town.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 1,056 people, 469 households, and 292 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|820.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 518 housing units at an average density of {{convert|424.1|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 77.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 19.26% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 2.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.59% of the population.{{citation needed|date=July 2017}}

There were 469 households, out of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.7% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.0% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $28,313, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $26,167 versus $21,354 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,255. About 8.2% of families and 12.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.

