==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 276
|1920= 368
|1930= 458
|1940= 484
|1950= 589
|1960= 662
|1970= 662
|1980= 664
|1990= 739
|2000= 705
|2010= 837
|2020= 614
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 705 people, 285 households, and 176 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|630.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 321 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.9|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 64.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 32.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.42% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.68% of the population.

There were 285 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.2% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 27.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,206, and the median income for a family was $31,146. Males had a median income of $31,719 versus $25,764 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,278. About 25.1% of families and 31.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.5% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.{{clear left}}

