==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 99
|1940= 200
|1950= 173
|1960= 164
|1970= 157
|1980= 109
|1990= 110
|2000= 94
|2010= 89
|2020= 84
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 89 people, 37 households, and 21 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|222.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 42 housing units at an average density of {{convert|105.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 76.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 18.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.5% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.2% were non-families. 37.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.24.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 22.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.9% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 94 people, 36 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|250.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 46 housing units at an average density of {{convert|122.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 82.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 10.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 6.38% from two or more races.

There were 36 households, out of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.28.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.8% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 29.8% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 123.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,750, and the median income for a family was $33,281. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $9,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,210. There were 13.8% of families and 12.0% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 11.4% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.
