==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 139
|1930= 104
|1940= 168
|1950= 129
|1960= 101
|1970= 93
|1980= 72
|1990= 83
|2000= 75
|2010= 82
|2020= 80
|estyear=2022
|estimate=79
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 82 people in 32 households, including 17 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|410.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.0% White.

Of the 32 households 46.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.6% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.9% were non-families. 40.6% of households were one person and 15.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.59.

The median age was 32 years. 32.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 31.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.2% were from 45 to 64; and 9.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 75 people in 33 households, including 17 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|377.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|181.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.67% White, and 1.33% from two or more races.

Of the 33 households 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.4% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.5% were non-families. 45.5% of households were one person and 21.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 3.22.

The age distribution was 29.3% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% 65 or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.

The median household income was $40,625 and the median family income  was $53,125. Males had a median income of $40,625 versus $31,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $17,543. There were no families and 4.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 27.3% of those over 64.

