==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 196
|1890= 913
|1900= 978
|1910= 978
|1920= 955
|1930= 903
|1940= 963
|1950= 806
|1960= 695
|1970= 746
|1980= 733
|1990= 627
|2000= 587
|2010= 488
|2020= 456
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 16, 2013}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 488 people, 243 households, and 143 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|595.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 300 housing units at an average density of {{convert|365.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 243 households, of which 21.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.59.

The median age in the city was 50.3 years. 19.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.4% were from 25 to 44; 29% were from 45 to 64; and 28.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 587 people, 271 households, and 150 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|724.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 312 housing units at an average density of {{convert|385.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.49% White and 0.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.19% of the population.

There were 271 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.6% were non-families. 41.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 3.9% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 31.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.9 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $32,500, and the median income for a family was $40,469. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,221. About 5.2% of families and 9.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.

