==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 447
|1920= 399
|1930= 518
|1940= 708
|1950= 898
|1960= 1168
|1970= 1365
|1980= 1291
|1990= 1149
|2000= 1262
|2010= 1098
|2020= 891
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Maringouin racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2248610&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 105
| 11.78%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 770
| 86.42%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 10
| 1.12%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 5
| 0.56%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 891 people, 393 households, and 248 families residing in the town.

At the [[2000 United States census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,262 people, 421 households, and 327 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,691.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 458 housing units at an average density of {{convert|613.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 20.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 79.40% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.08% of the population.

There were 421 households, out of which 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.1% were non-families. 20.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.43.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.1% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,816, and the median income for a family was $28,359. Males had a median income of $27,917 versus $19,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,817. About 27.5% of families and 31.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.2% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.

