==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 40
|1940= 27
|1950= 39
|1960= 20
|1970= 23
|1980= 23
|1990= 19
|2000= 20
|2010= 12
|2020= 21
| estimate=20
| estyear=2021
| estref=<ref name=PopEst>[https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/2020-2021/mcds/totals/SUB-MCD-EST2021-POP-34.xlsx Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Minor Civil Divisions in New Jersey: April 1, 2020 to July 1, 2021], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Population sources:<small><br>1930-2000<ref>Barnett, Bob. [http://westjersey.org/popcam_04.htm Population Data for Camden County Municipalities, 1850 - 2000], WestJersey.org, January 6, 2011. Accessed October 11, 2012.</ref> 1930<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=kifRAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA715 ''Fifteenth Census of the United States: 1930 - Population Volume I''], [[United States Census Bureau]], p. 715. Accessed October 11, 2012.</ref> 1940–2000<ref>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2kpub/njsdcp3.pdf#page=27 Table 6: New Jersey Resident Population by Municipality: 1940 - 2000], Workforce New Jersey Public Information Network, August 2001. Accessed May 1, 2023.</ref><br>2000<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/> 2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400758920 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 for Pine Valley borough, Camden County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212101209/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/0600000US3400758920 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 11, 2012.</ref><ref name=LWD2010>[http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cam/pinevalley1.pdf Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2010 for Pine Valley borough] {{Webarchive|url=https://web.archive.org/web/20160304065326/http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/labor/lpa/census/2010/dp/dp1_cam/pinevalley1.pdf |date=March 4, 2016 }}, [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed October 11, 2012.</ref> 2020<ref name=LWD2020>[https://www.nj.gov/labor/labormarketinformation/assets/PDFs/census/2020/2020%20pl94%20Tables/2020_Mun/MCD%200_All.pdf Total Population: Census 2010 - Census 2020 New Jersey Municipalities], [[New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development]]. Accessed December 1, 2022.</ref></small>
}}

===2010 census===

The [[2010 United States census]] counted 12 people, 4 households, and 4 families in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|12.2|/sqmi}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.4|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 83.33% (10) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 0.00% (0) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.00% (0) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 0.00% (0) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 16.67% (2) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 0.00% (0) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 16.67% (2) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 4 households, 50.0% had children under the age of 18; 75.0% were married couples living together; 0.0% had a female householder with no husband present and 0.0% were non-families. Of all households, 0.0% were made up of individuals and 0.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.00 and the average family size was 3.00.<ref name=Census2010/>

16.7% of the population were under the age of 18, 16.7% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 33.3% from 45 to 64, and 0.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.5 years. For every 100 females, the population had 300.0 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 233.3 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

As of the 2010 Census, the borough had the second smallest population in the state, ahead of only [[Tavistock, New Jersey|Tavistock]], which had a population of five.<ref>Staff. [http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/nj#locality-tab "N.J.'s population shifting to coast, south"], ''[[USA Today]]''. Accessed August 18, 2013.</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census]]<ref name="GR2" /> there were 20 people, 8 households, and 7 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|21.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].<ref name=Census2000>[http://censtats.census.gov/data/NJ/1603458920.pdf Census 2000 Profiles of Demographic / Social / Economic / Housing Characteristics for Pine Valley borough, New Jersey]{{Dead link|date=March 2020 |bot=InternetArchiveBot |fix-attempted=yes }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 11, 2012.</ref><ref name=Census2000SF1>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400758920 DP-1: Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000 - Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Pine Valley borough, Camden County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212094903/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/0600000US3400758920 |date=February 12, 2020 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed October 11, 2012.</ref>

As of the 2000 Census, the borough was one of four municipalities with fewer than 50 residents among the 566 in the state, and its population of 20 was behind only [[Teterboro, New Jersey|Teterboro]], where census officials counted 18 residents.<ref>Strauss, Robert. [https://www.nytimes.com/2004/01/04/nyregion/communities-municipal-madness-or-creative-localism.html "Communities; Municipal Madness or 'Creative Localism?'"], ''[[The New York Times]]'', January 4, 2004. Accessed August 18, 2013. "But for the 20 residents of Pine Valley, the borough that surrounds the golf course, the cute A-frame building is police headquarters, next door to Steiniger Hall, the borough office building, where you can often find Robert Mathers, the clerk of Pine Valley, one of New Jersey's least-populous towns.... Four of them have fewer than 50 souls: Walpack (41) in Sussex County, Teterboro (18) in Bergen County and Pine Valley and Tavistock (24) in Camden County."</ref>

There were eight households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of eighteen living with them, 87.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 12.5% were non-families. 12.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.71.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

In the borough the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 20.0% from 25 to 44, 15.0% from 45 to 64, and 40.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 58 years. For every 100 females, there were 150.0 males. For every 100 women age 18 and over, there were 114.3 men.<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $65,625. Men had a median income of $36,250 versus $52,500 for women. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $23,981. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].<ref name=Census2000/><ref name=Census2000SF1/>

