==Demographics==
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that North San Juan had a population of 245. The population density was {{convert|101.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of North San Juan was 202 (82.4%) [[White Americans|White]], 2 (0.8%) [[African Americans|African American]], 6 (2.4%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 6 (2.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.4%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 3 (1.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 25 (10.2%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 12 persons (4.9%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=North San Juan CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0652246 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 30, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 120 households, out of which 30 (25.0%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 44 (36.7%) were married-couple households, 12 (10.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 29 (24.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 35 (29.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 43 households (35.8%) were one person, and 15 (12.5%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.04.<ref name=DP1/> There were 68 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (56.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=North San Juan CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0652246 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 30, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 37 people (15.1%) under the age of 18, 12 people (4.9%) aged 18 to 24, 66 people (26.9%) aged 25 to 44, 61 people (24.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 69 people (28.2%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 47.6{{nbsp}}years. There were 149 males and 96 females.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|58.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 120 (85.1%) were occupied. Of these, 101 (84.2%) were owner-occupied, and 19 (15.8%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

