==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 361
| 1890 = 475
| 1900 = 706
| 1910 = 802
| 1920 = 959
| 1930 = 872
| 1940 = 912
| 1950 = 1010
| 1960 = 1060
| 1970 = 1285
| 1980 = 1446
| 1990 = 1496
| 2000 = 1396
| 2010 = 1476
| 2020 = 1377
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-date=July 17, 2022|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20220717060613/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-18|archive-date=July 9, 2021|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210709054630/https://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,476 people, 589 households, and 383 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|630.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 661 housing units at an average density of {{convert|282.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 7.4% of the population.

There were 589 households, of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the city was 42.3 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 21.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,396 people, 590 households, and 379 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was 592.0 people per square mile (228.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 627 housing units at an average density of 265.9 per square mile (102.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 98.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.15% of the population.

There were 590 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 26.8% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,472, and the median income for a family was $47,574. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $21,343 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,774. About 1.3% of families and 4.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.

