==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 225
|2020= 223
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that East Nicolaus had a population of 223. The population density was {{convert|48.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of East Nicolaus was 139 (62.3%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 8 (3.6%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 7 (3.1%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 2 (0.9%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 27 (12.1%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 40 (17.9%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 53 persons (23.8%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=East Nicolaus CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0620900 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 19, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 85 households, out of which 21 (24.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 40 (47.1%) were married-couple households, 4 (4.7%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 20 (23.5%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 21 (24.7%) had a male householder with no partner present. 25 households (29.4%) were one person, and 18 (21.2%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.62.<ref name=DP1/> There were 56 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (65.9% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=East Nicolaus CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0620900 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 19, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 33 people (14.8%) under the age of 18, 17 people (7.6%) aged 18 to 24, 50 people (22.4%) aged 25 to 44, 61 people (27.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 62 people (27.8%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 48.3{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 93.9 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 98 housing units at an average density of {{convert|21.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 85 (86.7%) were occupied. Of these, 64 (75.3%) were owner-occupied, and 21 (24.7%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

