==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 1250
|1920= 1363
|1930= 950
|1940= 936
|1950= 1158
|1960= 1089
|1970= 1110
|1980= 1205
|1990= 1034
|2000= 1038
|2010= 1068
|2020= 920
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Richton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2862480&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 16, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|608
|66.09%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|265
|28.8%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.22%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|29
|3.15%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|16
|1.74%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 920 people, 345 households, and 205 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,038 people, 397 households, and 258 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|452.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 497 housing units at an average density of {{convert|216.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 76.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 21.19% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.67% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.48% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.96% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.96% of the population.

There were 397 households, out of which 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.7% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 25.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 68.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,365, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $34,250 versus $16,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,425. About 22.3% of families and 31.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.7% of those under age 18 and 26.5% of those age 65 or over.

