==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5543207">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Legend Lake CDP, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5543207&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=13 July 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,670. The [[population density]] was {{convert|99.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,352 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 71.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 25.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 3.7% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 3.7% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,533 people, 538 households, and 401 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 91.0 people per square mile (35.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,232 housing units at an average density of 73.1/sq&nbsp;mi (28.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 28.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.07% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 70.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.98% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.13% of the population.

There were 538 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.3% were non-families. 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 30.6% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 27.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $38,393, and the median income for a family was $38,333. Males had a median income of $25,833 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,512. About 12.6% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 2.7% of those age 65 or over.

