==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 101
|1890= 226
|1970= 349
|1980= 400
|1990= 321
|2000= 285
|2010= 393
|2020= 379
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="GR9">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 4, 2012|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|accessdate=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archivedate=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A47|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 285 people, 119 households, and 81 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|241.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 132 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.04% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.05% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.75% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.05% of the population.

There were 119 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,406, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $20,938 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,458. None of the families and 7.2% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 21.3% of those over 64.

