==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 421
|1920= 230
|1930= 209
|1940= 331
|1950= 288
|1960= 333
|1970= 321
|1980= 611
|1990= 490
|2000= 443
|2010= 450
|2020= 452
|estyear=2025
|estimate=449
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 450 people, 227 households, and 128 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|281.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 371 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 227 households, of which 18.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.6% were non-families. 39.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age in the town was 51.6 years. 17.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.1% were from 25 to 44; 38.1% were from 45 to 64; and 23.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 443 people, 209 households, and 137 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 277.1 people per square mile (106.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 336 housing units at an average density of 210.2 per square mile (81.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.52% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.68% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.68% of the population.

There were 209 households, out of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 32.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.0% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 23.5% from 25 to 44, 36.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,444, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $36,786 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,632. About 9.1% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.6% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

