==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 452
|1880= 1254
|1890= 1350
|1900= 1153
|1910= 1034
|1920= 876
|1930= 713
|1940= 761
|1950= 753
|1960= 732
|1970= 739
|1980= 711
|1990= 1035
|2000= 1163
|2010= 1118
|2020= 1012
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=April 26, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150426102944/http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|url-status=live}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,163 people, 487 households, and 261 families residing in the village.  The population density was {{convert|662.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 531 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% [[white (U.S. Census)|white]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.92% of the population.

There were 487 households, out of which 30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.7% were [[marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no spouse present, and 46.4% were non-families. Of all households 31.4% were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 16.8% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years.  For every 100 females, there were 84.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $40,536, and the median income for a family was $53,393. Males had a median income of $41,375 versus $26,000 for females.  The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,478. About 6.2% of families and 17.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 3.8% of those age 65 or over.

