==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 798
| 1920 = 1005
| 1930 = 375
| 1940 = 325
| 1950 = 332
| 1960 = 292
| 1970 = 219
| 1980 = 200
| 1990 = 189
| 2000 = 215
| 2010 = 203
| 2020 = 216
| align-fn = center
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=September 24, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 203 people, 90 households, and 57 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|303.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|176.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 90 households, of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.7% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the town was 50.8 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.2% were from 45 to 64; and 25.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.7% male and 49.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 215 people, 93 households, and 65 families residing in the town. The population density was 326.1 people per square mile (125.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 108 housing units at an average density of 163.8 per square mile (63.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 96.28% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.47% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.93% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 93 households, out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.5% were married couples living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 26.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,477. About 18.0% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 4.7% of those 65 or over.

