==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 615
|1900= 609
|1910= 535
|1920= 536
|1930= 541
|1940= 527
|1950= 645
|1960= 704
|1970= 743
|1980= 956
|1990= 1039
|2000= 1319
|2010= 1529
|2020=1843
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|census of 2020]],<ref name="2020-census-5580475">{{cite web|title=2020 Decennial Census: Trempealeau village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5580475&y=2020&d=DEC%20Redistricting%20Data%20%28PL%2094-171%29 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=August 5, 2022}}</ref> the population was 1,843. The [[population density]] was {{convert|928.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 921 housing units at an average density of {{convert|464.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 4.6% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 2.0% [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

According  to the [[American Community Survey]] estimates for 2016-2020, the median income for a household in the village was $56,383, and the median income for a family was $67,500. Male full-time workers had a median income of $45,278 versus $32,344 for female workers. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $30,328. About 2.7% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.4% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="2020-EconChar-5580475">{{cite web|title=Selected Economic Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Trempealeau village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5580475&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP03 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 21, 2022}}</ref> Of the population age 25 and over, 98.3% were high school graduates or higher and 20.8% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020-SocChar-5580475">{{cite web|title=Selected Social Characteristics, 2020 American Community Survey: Trempealeau village, Wisconsin |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US5580475&y=2020&d=ACS%205-Year%20Estimates%20Data%20Profiles&tid=ACSDP5Y2020.DP02 |website=data.census.gov |publisher=U.S. Census Bureau |access-date=December 21, 2022}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,529 people, 704 households, and 426 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|817.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 835 housing units at an average density of {{convert|446.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 704 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.5% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the village was 42.7 years. 20.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

