==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1970 = 173
| 1980 = 186
| 1990 = 179
| 2000 = 188
| 2010 = 338
| 2020 = 318
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 334
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2015|accessdate=June 2, 2016|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2016|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 338 people, and as of 2000, 72 households, and 58 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|47.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 79 housing units at an average density of {{convert|20.1|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.47% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 1.06% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 72 households, out of which 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.1% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $40,139, and the median income for a family was $41,591. Males had a median income of $32,083 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,685. About 10.9% of families and 11.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.9% of those 65 or over.

