==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 351
|1970= 475
|1980= 328
|1990= 303
|2000= 307
|2010= 299
|2020= 317
|estyear=2021
|estimate=311
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 11, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 11, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 31, 2013}}</ref><br>2015 Estimate<ref name="2015 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 12, 2016|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20161019182931/https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2015/SUB-EST2015-3.html|archive-date=October 19, 2016|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 299 people, 113 households, and 88 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|3322.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 118 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1311.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 113 households, of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.1% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 44.9 years. 29.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 307 people, 117 households, and 94 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 3,281.9 people per square mile (1,317.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 124 housing units at an average density of 1,325.6 per square mile (532.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.07% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.95% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.33% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 0.33% from two or more races.

There were 117 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 35.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 92.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $96,916, and the median income for a family was $110,038. Males had a median income of $81,760 versus $41,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $56,496. About 4.0% of families and 4.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under the age of 18 and 2.9% of those 65 or over.

