==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 415
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the time of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 231 people, 103 households, and 57 families living in this CDP.

The population density was {{convert|2,207.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,032.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 98.27% White, and 1.73% Asian.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

There were 103 households, 23.3% of which had children under the age of eighteen; 41.7% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.7% were non-families. 36.9% of households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% were one-person households with residents who were aged sixty-five or older.

The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.02.

The age distribution was 21.6% of residents who were under the age of eighteen, 8.7% who were aged eighteen to twenty-four, 26.8% who were aged twenty-five to forty-four, 27.3% who were aged forty-five to sixty-four, and 15.6% who were aged sixty-five or older. The median age was forty years.

For every one hundred females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females who were aged eighteen or older, there were 82.8 males.

The median [[Household income|income]] for a household in the CDP was $30,000, and the median family income was $42,500. Males had a median income of $28,333 compared with that of $23,036 for females.

The per capita income for the CDP was $15,642.

Approximately 16.0% of families and 20.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 51.0% of those who were under the age of eighteen. None of those who were aged sixty-five or older was living in poverty.

