==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 312
|1880= 381
|1890= 347
|1900= 306
|1910= 272
|1920= 337
|1930= 369
|1940= 484
|1950= 573
|1960= 719
|1970= 771
|1980= 753
|1990= 730
|2000= 620
|2010= 615
|2020= 589
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 24, 2013}}</ref><ref>Data in historical populations table from {{citation|title=US Census, 1890|year = 1891|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=40kUAAAAYAAJ&q=census%20pataskala&pg=RA1-PA151}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1920|year = 1921|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=oei2AAAAIAAJ&q=census%20pataskala&pg=PA565}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1950|year = 1952| isbn=9780598466846 |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=32pQAAAAYAAJ&q=census%20pataskala%201930&pg=SA35-PA18}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 1970|year = 1973|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=4j0YAAAAYAAJ&q=1970%20census%20ohio%20%22heath%22&pg=SA37-PA15}}; {{citation|title=US Census, 2000|isbn = 9781428986060|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=9A1ElkbD3YcC&q=1990%20census%20ohio&pg=PA21}}; {{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 24, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 615 people, 237 households, and 176 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|891.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 269 housing units at an average density of {{convert|389.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.6% from two or more races.

There were 237 households, of which 42.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.7% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 2.97.

The median age in the village was 34.9 years. 29.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 620 people, 246 households, and 172 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,037.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 268 housing units at an average density of {{convert|448.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.81% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.48% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.7% were non-families. 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.6% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females 8=)there were 96.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,813, and the median income for a family was $42,917. Males had a median income of $36,094 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,653. About 2.7% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.3% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.

