==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 1548
|1880= 1254
|1890= 1461
|1900= 1584
|1910= 1517
|1920= 1600
|1930= 1533
|1940= 1750
|1950= 2016
|1960= 2444
|1970= 2515
|1980= 3153
|1990= 3165
|2000= 3180
|2010= 3293
|2020= 3274
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $36,506, and the median income for a family was $46,199. Males had a median income of $32,031 versus $24,442 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,455. About 6.6% of families and 7.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.1% of those under age 18 and 5.8% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 3,293 people, 1,346 households, and 851 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1789.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 1,452 housing units at an average density of {{convert|789.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 1,346 households, of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.8% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the city was 38.4 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.1% were from 25 to 44; 23.3% were from 45 to 64, and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

