==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 471
|1940= 475
|1950= 457
|1960= 463
|1970= 426
|1980= 373
|1990= 336
|2000= 380
|2010= 313
|2020= 297
|estyear=2022
|estimate=294
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 8, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 8, 2024}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=September 24, 2014}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 313 people, 153 households, and 96 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|401.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|232.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 153 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.05 and the average family size was 2.53.

The median age in the town was 51.8 years. 15.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.8% were from 25 to 44; 34.2% were from 45 to 64; and 30% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 380 people, 164 households, and 105 families residing in the town. The population density was 1,101.6 people per square mile (431.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 187 housing units at an average density of 542.1 per square mile (212.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 164 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.4% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the town, the age distribution of the population shows 28.2% under the age of 18, 1.6% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,893, and the median income for a family was $40,833. Males had a median income of $30,972 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,656. About 2.1% of families and 5.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.5% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

