==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 266
|1940= 201
|1950= 128
|1960= 83
|1970= 101
|1980= 110
|1990= 136
|2000= 169
|2010= 151
|2020= 131
|estyear= 
|estimate= 
|estref= 
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decentennial Census 1930-2010<ref>[http://eadiv.state.wy.us/demog_data/cntycity_hist.htm Historical Decennial Census Population for Wyoming Counties, Cities, and Towns]</ref>
}}
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the town was $40,781, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,161. About 5.3% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=December 14, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 151 people, 68 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|719.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 68 households, of which 19.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.73.

The median age in the town was 53.5 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.6% were from 25 to 44; 31.1% were from 45 to 64; and 29.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.7% male and 48.3% female.

