==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 173
|1890= 220
|1940= 102
|1950= 111
|1960= 110
|1970= 112
|1980= 86
|1990= 75
|2000= 67
|2010= 57
|2020= 41
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 57 people, 24 households, and 16 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|142.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|80.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 24 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 49.6 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.3% were from 25 to 44; 40.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.6% male and 54.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 67 people, 30 households, and 17 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|166.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 35 housing units at an average density of {{convert|87.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.49% of the population.

There were 30 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 43.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 17.9% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $13,125, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $33,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,005. There were 28.6% of families and 29.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 38.5% of under eighteens and 19.2% of those over 64.

