==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 158
|1890= 324
|1900= 359
|1910= 462
|1920= 491
|1930= 429
|1940= 504
|1950= 651
|1960= 753
|1970= 800
|1980= 1019
|1990= 1009
|2000= 941
|2010= 1104
|2020= 938
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Buchanan racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US1311616&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-12|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|802
|85.5%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|71
|7.57%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|2
|0.21%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|44
|4.69%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|19
|2.03%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 938 people, 436 households, and 274 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 941 people, 345 households, and 221 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|638.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 380 housing units at an average density of {{convert|257.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 87.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.11% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 345 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 33.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,269, and the median income for a family was $26,964. Males had a median income of $24,205 versus $16,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,821.  About 20.5% of families and 22.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 23.4% of those under age 18 and 19.8% of those age 65 or over.

