==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1960= 224
|1970= 288
|1980= 404
|1990= 429
|2000= 471
|2010= 470
|2020= 392
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 471 people, 193 households, and 134 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|109.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 217 housing units at an average density of {{convert|50.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.46% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.42% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.42% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 193 households, out of which 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.5% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 28.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,833, and the median income for a family was $29,750. Males had a median income of $29,286 versus $18,929 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,391. About 11.8% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 17.2% of those age 65 or over.

