==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 104
|1980= 102
|1990= 66
|2000= 131
|2010= 89
|2020= 46
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 89 people, 39 households, and 25 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|523.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 49 housing units at an average density of {{convert|288.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.7% of the population.

There were 39 households, of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.9% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.7% were from 25 to 44; 31.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 131 people, 54 households, and 36 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|786.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 62 housing units at an average density of {{convert|372.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.53% of the population.

There were 54 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 13.0% from 18 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $18,571, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,367. There were 29.7% of families and 35.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and 26.3% of those over 64.

