==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 149
|1920= 219
|1930= 226
|1940= 213
|1950= 199
|1960= 186
|1970= 171
|1980= 134
|1990= 133
|2000= 101
|2010= 107
|2020= 88
|estyear=2022
|estimate=86
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 26, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 26, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 107 people, 42 households, and 32 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|53.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|22.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 42 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.8% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.84.

The median age in the city was 47.1 years. 24.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15% were from 25 to 44; 34.5% were from 45 to 64; and 20.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 101 people, 44 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|50.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 48 housing units at an average density of {{convert|23.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.03% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.97% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.5% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $30,833, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,928. There were 6.7% of families and 10.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.0% of under eighteens and 8.3% of those over 64.

