==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1960= 333
|1970= 483
|1980= 315
|1990= 257
|2000= 267
|2010= 216
|2020= 209
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 267 people, 125 households, and 70 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,107.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 147 housing units at an average density of {{convert|609.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.37% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.12% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.75% of the population.

There were 125 households, out of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.2% were non-families. 41.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.94.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,625, and the median income for a family was $36,125. Males had a median income of $29,167 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,663. About 14.5% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 13.6% of those 65 or over.

