==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 455
|1920= 394
|1930= 450
|1940= 443
|1950= 404
|1960= 400
|1970= 282
|1980= 281
|1990= 236
|2000= 286
|2010= 241
|2020= 240
|estyear=2022
|estimate=230
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=November 29, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=November 29, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 30, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 241 people, 109 households, and 65 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|860.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 135 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.3% of the population.

There were 109 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.4% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.91.

The median age in the city was 44.3 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 286 people, 120 households, and 77 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,042.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|514.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.70% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.45% from two or more races.

There were 120 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.6% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $24,444, and the median income for a family was $28,500. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $14,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,576. About 7.5% of families and 9.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 10.5% of those 65 or over.

