==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 3295
|1890= 7301
|1900= 7466
|1910= 10711
|1920= 10823
|1930= 11233
|1940= 10768
|1950= 10856
|1960= 10506
|1970= 10136
|1980= 9047
|1990= 8255
|2000= 7761
|2010= 9392
|2020= 9210
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>U.S. Census, 2020, 'Ulster town, Ulster County, New York'</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/ |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website |archive-date=December 27, 1996 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/https://www.census.gov/ |url-status=live }}</ref> of 2010, there were 9,392 people, 4,124 households, and 2,457 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,579.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,713 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,233.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 82.11% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 12.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.01% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 3.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.72% of the population.

There were 3,397 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.7% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.0% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 31.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,730, and the median income for a family was $40,688. Males had a median income of $29,685 versus $26,291 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,674. About 9.8% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.

