==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 311
| 2010 = 264
| 2020 = 198
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/chart/DECENNIALPL2010.P1?g=160XX00US3733940&sort=abc |access-date=March 1, 2025 |website=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Ivanhoe racial composition<ref>{{Cite web |last= |first= |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Ivanhoe_CDP,_North_Carolina?g=160XX00US3733940 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20250127001307/https://data.census.gov/profile/Ivanhoe_CDP,_North_Carolina%3Fg%3D160XX00US3733940 |archive-date=January 27, 2025 |access-date=2025-03-01 |website=data.census.gov |language=en |url-status=live }}</ref>
! scope="col" |Race
! scope="col" |Number
! scope="col" |Percentage
|-
! scope="row" |[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|40
|20.20%
|-
! scope="row" |[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|138
|69.70%
|-
! scope="row" |[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|1
|0.51%
|-
! scope="row" |[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|0
|0.00%
|-
! scope="row" |[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|0
|0.00%
|-
! scope="row" |[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|19
|9.60%
|-
! scope="row" |[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|23
|11.62%
|}

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 311 people, 113 households, and 83 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|61.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|24.5|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 21.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 70.74% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.32% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.64% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 8.68% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 30.2% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $32,917. Males had a median income of $20,000 versus $18,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,305. About 6.8% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

