==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 661
|1870= 666
|1880= 1036
|1890= 1678
|1900= 1944
|1910= 2512
|1920= 3260
|1930= 3160
|1940= 3067
|1950= 3068
|1960= 3310
|1970= 3182
|1980= 3088
|1990= 2927
|2000= 2896
|2010= 2656
|2020= 2617
|estyear=2021
|estimate=2613
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2010 [[census]], there were 2,656 people, 1,048 households and 718 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|2,213.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,174 housing units, with an average density of {{convert|978.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.2 percent [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9 percent [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.8 percent [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5 percent [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7 percent from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8 percent from two or more races. 2.8 percent of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

31.8 percent of households had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8 percent were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15 percent had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.5 percent were non-families. 26.4 percent of all households were made up of individuals, and 11 percent had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28 percent under the age of 20, 7 percent from 20 to 24, 25.5 percent from 25 to 44, 26.7 percent from 45 to 64, and 12.9 percent who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.<ref name="GR8">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=May 14, 2011|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>

The median 2000 income for a household in the village was $32,446, and the median income for a family was $38,617. Males had a median income of $33,889 versus $19,464 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,904. 12.9% of the population and 9.8% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 22.8% of those under the age of 18 and 1.9% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

