==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 491
|2010= 1074
|2020= 996
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Wade racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2877080&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-16|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|932
|93.57%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|13
|1.31%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.3%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|5
|0.5%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|37
|3.71%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|6
|0.6%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 996 people, 483 households, and 288 families residing in the CDP.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 491 people, 169 households and 147 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|112.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 174 housing units at an average density of {{convert|39.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.02% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.81% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.20% of the population.

There were 169 households, of which 45.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 76.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 13.0% were non-families. 11.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.15.

29.3% of the populationwere under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $50,972 and the median family income was $60,982. Males had a median income of $45,673 compared with $23,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,993. About 4.5% of families and 2.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.

