==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 664
|1890= 511
|1900= 400
|1910= 373
|1920= 338
|1930= 342
|1940= 335
|1950= 358
|1960= 391
|1970= 363
|1980= 368
|1990= 314
|2000= 294
|2010= 356
|2020= 268
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 265
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=<ref>census data: 1880 : {{cite book|title=Historical Collections of Ohio, The Ohio Centennial Edition|last=Howe|first=Henry|year=1907|publisher=The State of Ohio|page=[https://archive.org/details/historicalcolle09howegoog/page/n365 365]|url=https://archive.org/details/historicalcolle09howegoog}}, 1890, 1900 : {{cite book|title=Population of the United States by states and territories, counties, and minor Civil Divisions, as returned at the Twelfth Census: 1900|last1=Hunt|first1=William C.|year=1901|publisher=United States Census Printing Office|page=306|url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Pnk9AAAAYAAJ&pg=PA306}}, 1910, 1920, 1930 : [http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch08.pdf 1930] page 40, 1940,  1950 : [http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/23761117v1ch09.pdf 1950] page 14, 1960 : [http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/37749282v1p37_ch02.pdf 1960] page 16, 1970 : [http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/26084397v1ch3.pdf 1970] page=124, 1990: [https://www.census.gov 1990], 2000 : [https://www.census.gov 2000], 2010 : [https://www.census.gov]</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 356 people, 134 households, and 94 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1977.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 148 housing units at an average density of {{convert|822.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the village was 38 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.4% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 294 people, 121 households, and 83 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,714.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 130 housing units at an average density of {{convert|758.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.32% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] and 0.34% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 121 households, out of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 90.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $27,344, and the median income for a family was $31,875. Males had a median income of $27,292 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,149. About 8.8% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 3.6% of those 65 or over.

