==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 348
|1900= 337
|1910= 411
|1920= 484
|1930= 438
|1940= 490
|1950= 507
|1960= 534
|1970= 808
|1980= 858
|1990= 821
|2000= 901
|2010= 983
|2020= 1001
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 983 people, 405 households, and 261 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1293.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 472 housing units at an average density of {{convert|621.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 405 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.6% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 36.5 years. 28.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.4% male and 52.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 901 people, 381 households, and 240 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,356.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 400 housing units at an average density of {{convert|602.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.01% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.22% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.44% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.11% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.44% of the population.

There were 381 households, out of which 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $33,875, and the median income for a family was $42,700. Males had a median income of $28,214 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,785. About 6.7% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 18.1% of those age 65 or over.

