==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 912
|1880= 880
|1900= 905
|1910= 1105
|1920= 1667
|1930= 3119
|1940= 3614
|1950= 4649
|1960= 6316
|1970= 6878
|1980= 6017
|1990= 5583
|2000= 5573
|2010= 5300
|2020= 5423
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=October 28, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the 2020 US [[Census]]<ref name="DecennialCensus" /> there were 5,423 people, 2,364 households, 1,308 families residing in the village, 594 with own children under 18 years. The [[population density]] was 4,283.6 people/mi<sup>2</sup> (1,653.9 /km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 86.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.6% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.83% of [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.7% of two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 2,364 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.7% were non-families. 37.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 18.7% under the age of 19, 6.0% from 20 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 24.4% who were 65 years of age or older, with a median age of 45. The population was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

According to the 2000 US Census, there were 2,695 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,107.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The median income for a household in the village was $47,557, and the median income for a family was $65,300. Males had a median income of $43,500 versus $32,172 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $27,177. About 2.5% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 4.7% of those age 65 or over.

In 2007 it was found that the violent crimes per 1,000 residents were measured at 1.13, where as the national median was 4.0, property crimes (per 1000) were at 16.98, the national average was 29.4, and crimes per square mile were at 13, the national average was at 39.3.

