==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 259
|1910= 287
|1920= 215
|1930= 327
|1940= 306
|1950= 290
|1960= 403
|1970= 580
|1980= 729
|1990= 827
|2000= 1011
|2010= 997
|2020= 1035
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Slaughter racial composition as of 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2270770&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 28, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 878
| 84.83%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 70
| 6.76%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 3
| 0.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 2
| 0.19%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 57
| 5.51%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 19
| 1.84%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], 1,035 people, 435 households, and 298 families reside in the town. At the 2019 [[American Community Survey]], 87.6% of the population were [[Non-Hispanic whites|non-Hispanic white]], 8.0% Black and African American, 1.4% two or more races, and 3.1% Hispanic and Latin American of any race.<ref>{{Cite web|title=2019 Demographic and Housing Estimates|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Slaughter%20town,%20Louisiana&tid=ACSDP5Y2019.DP05|access-date=July 22, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The town had a median age of 48.1.

At the [[2000 United States census|2000 U.S. census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 1,011 people, 359 households, and 286 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|184.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 376 housing units at an average density of {{convert|68.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.56% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.10% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.40% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.79% of the population.

There were 359 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.1% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82, and the average family size was 3.17.

The village's population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 30.8% from 25 to 44, 24.8% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33. For every 100 females, there were 101.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,896, and the median income for a family was $46,932. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $21,141 for females. The village's [[per capita income]] was $17,457. About 3.4% of families and 3.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.1% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

