==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 983
|2010= 849
|2020= 769
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 849 people, 311 households and 243 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|127.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 319 housing units at an average density of 48.0/sq mi (18.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.9% of the population.

There were 311 households, of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a male householder with no wife present, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.9% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.10.

24.6% of the population were under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 32.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The [[median household income]] was $54,464 and the median family income was $60,250. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $29,996. About 4.5% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

