==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 341
|1890= 702
|1900= 966
|1910= 1017
|1920= 878
|1930= 820
|1940= 833
|1950= 840
|1960= 866
|1970= 848
|1980= 845
|1990= 655
|2000= 669
|2010= 660
|2020= 664
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 660 people, 277 households, and 149 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|970.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 351 housing units at an average density of {{convert|516.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 277 households, of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 42.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 43.3 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.4% were from 45 to 64; and 22.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.8% male and 50.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 669 people, 282 households, and 159 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,052.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 338 housing units at an average density of {{convert|531.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.05% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.90% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.79% of the population.

There were 282 households, out of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city the population was spread out, with 23.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 22.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,477, and the median income for a family was $24,000. Males had a median income of $26,917 versus $16,136 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,424. About 21.2% of families and 28.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 37.5% of those under age 18 and 25.0% of those age 65 or over.

