==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 744
|2000= 867
|2010= 826
|2020= 830
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 867 people, 225 households, and 177 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|379.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 233 housing units at an average density of {{convert|102.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.19% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 96.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.92% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.65% of the population.

There were 225 households, out of which 52.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 42.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.3% were non-families. 16.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.80 and the average family size was 4.24.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 47.8% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 23.3% from 25 to 44, 11.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 19 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $8,125, and the median income for a family was $11,923. Males had a median income of $15,167 versus $17,273 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $4,105. About 62.4% of families and 65.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 72.1% of those under age 18 and 63.4% of those age 65 or over.

