==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1830= 231
|1850= 514
|1860= 692
|1870= 405
|1880= 491
|1890= 444
|1900= 332
|1910= 203
|1920= 358
|1930= 388
|1940= 458
|1950= 579
|1960= 728
|1970= 777
|1980= 624
|1990= 446
|2000= 471
|2010= 481
|2020= 412
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 481 people, 213 households, and 136 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|874.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 245 housing units at an average density of {{convert|445.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.8% of the population.

There were 213 households, of which 23.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.83.

The median age in the village was 43.8 years. 18.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 16% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 471 people, 196 households, and 147 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|886.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 221 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.09% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.06% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.21% of the population.

There were 196 households, out of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 82.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,659, and the median income for a family was $35,500. Males had a median income of $32,969 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,764. About 9.5% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.6% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.

