==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 348
|1920= 548
|1930= 721
|1940= 616
|1950= 805
|1960= 638
|1970= 520
|1980= 461
|1990= 453
|2000= 328
|2010= 454
|2020= 349
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Bridgeton racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3707860&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 266
| 76.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 49
| 14.04%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.57%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.29%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 15
| 4.3%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 16
| 4.58%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 349 people, 170 households, and 83 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 328 people, 156 households, and 95 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|920.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 211 housing units at an average density of {{convert|592.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.52% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.83% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.91% of the population.

There were 156 households, out of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,375, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $35,417 versus $35,714 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,038. About 21.2% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.0% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

