==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1900|284
|1910|264
|1920|294
|1930|208
|1940|256
|1950|211
|1960|215
|1970|157
|1980|210
|1990|208
|2000|223
|2010|204
|2020|183
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 183 people, 89 households, and 53 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 244.4 inhabitants per square mile (94.4/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 93 housing units at an average density of 124.2 per square mile (47.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from other races and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 0.5% of the population.

Of the 89 households, 33.7% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% were cohabitating couples, 34.8% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.6% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 40.4% of all households were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 9.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 46.1 years. 27.3% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.3% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 18.0% were from 25 and 44; 27.9% were from 45 and 64; and 23.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 204 people, 85 households, and 52 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|268.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 96 housing units at an average density of {{convert|126.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.5% of the population.

There were 85 households, of which 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.8% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the city was 41.5 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 16.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.1% male and 55.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 223 people, 101 households, and 65 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|289.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|140.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.35% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 101 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.6% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,000, and the median income for a family was $37,321. Males had a median income of $28,438 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,081. None of the families and 0.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 3.3% of those over 64.

