==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 484
|1910= 563
|1920= 543
|1930= 623
|1940= 340
|1950= 407
|1960= 407
|1970= 412
|1980= 466
|1990= 449
|2000= 519
|2010= 497
|2020= 551
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 497 people, 209 households, and 125 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|439.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 275 housing units at an average density of {{convert|243.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.2% of the population.

There were 209 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.2% were non-families. 34.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the village was 39.9 years. 25.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.1% male and 54.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 519 people, 211 households, and 128 families living in the village.  The population density was {{convert|488.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 254 housing units at an average density of {{convert|238.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the village was 93.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.39% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.96% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.89% of the population.

There were 211 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,650, and the median income for a family was $35,104. Males had a median income of $25,469 versus $20,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,515.  About 5.0% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

