==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 320
|1920= 349
|1930= 358
|1940= 288
|1950= 235
|1960= 229
|1970= 224
|1980= 221
|1990= 185
|2000= 143
|2010= 104
|2020= 96
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 104 people, 61 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|247.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|202.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 61 households, of which 3.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.3% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.18.

The median age in the town was 63.5 years. 4.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.4% were from 25 to 44; 30.8% were from 45 to 64; and 45.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 143 people, 72 households, and 47 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|340.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.70% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.70% from two or more races.

There were 72 households, out of which 13.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.99 and the average family size was 2.47.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 12.6% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 16.8% from 25 to 44, 37.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 55 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $35,625, and the median income for a family was $44,250. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,241. There were none of the families and 3.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 12.2% of those over 64.

