==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 211
|1950= 150
|1960= 118
|1970= 125
|1980= 174
|1990= 138
|2000= 213
|2010= 210
|2020= 194
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 210 people, 107 households, and 51 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|190.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 184 housing units at an average density of {{convert|167.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 14.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.3% were non-families. 38.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.47.

The median age in the city was 49.8 years. 11.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 33.4% were from 45 to 64; and 28.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 213 people, 113 households, and 48 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|198.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 191 housing units at an average density of {{convert|178.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.94% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.41% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.94% of the population.

There were 113 households, out of which 11.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 57.5% were non-families. 44.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 1.88 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 15.0% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 118.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,750, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $19,447.  About 10.5% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.1% of those 65 or over.

