==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 25
|1900= 319
|1910= 464
|1920= 450
|1930= 530
|1940= 540
|1950= 506
|1960= 400
|1970= 403
|1980= 376
|1990= 321
|2000= 324
|2010= 279
|2020= 291
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 279 people, 138 households, and 88 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|754.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 192 housing units at an average density of {{convert|518.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 138 households, of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.2% were non-families. 35.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.02 and the average family size was 2.58.

The median age in the city was 46.9 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.7% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.6% male and 48.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 324 people, 157 households, and 88 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|876.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|527.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.85% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.93% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.54% of the population.

There were 157 households, out of which 21.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.9% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.0% under the age of 18, 4.9% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 27.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,188, and the median income for a family was $36,375. Males had a median income of $20,962 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,684. About 13.5% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.4% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

