==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 134
|1890= 175
|1900= 233
|1910= 210
|1920= 185
|1930= 179
|1940= 188
|1950= 232
|1960= 241
|1970= 275
|1980= 310
|1990= 308
|2000= 291
|2010= 233
|2020= 205
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 233 people, 94 households, and 62 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2118.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1036.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.7% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 41.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 35.6 years. 30.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.9% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.5% male and 45.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 291 people, 109 households, and 78 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,899.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,155.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.53% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.37% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 41.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.4% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.15.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 11.0% from 18 to 24, 33.3% from 25 to 44, 16.5% from 45 to 64, and 7.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $25,000, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $27,679 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,132. About 9.2% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 24.2% of those 65 or over.

