==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 192
|1920= 100
|1930= 96
|1940= 101
|1950= 54
|1960= 64
|1970= 53
|1980= 57
|1990= 46
|2000= 32
|2010= 29
|2020= 24
|estyear=2023
|estimate=23
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2023">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 15, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2023|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 15, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 29 people, 15 households, and 9 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|96.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 17 housing units at an average density of {{convert|56.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.4% of the population.

There were 15 households, of which 13.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 40.0% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.93 and the average family size was 2.44.

The median age in the city was 57.3 years. 13.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 13.7% were from 25 to 44; 55.1% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.8% male and 55.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 32 people, 16 households, and 9 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|103.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 16 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 16 households, out of which 18.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 9.4% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 15.6% from 25 to 44, 53.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 146.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 141.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $38,125, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $9,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $20,759. There were no families and 5.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

