==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 356
|1880= 618
|1890= 608
|1900= 758
|1910= 648
|1920= 605
|1930= 507
|1940= 516
|1950= 498
|1960= 507
|1970= 416
|1980= 368
|1990= 357
|2000= 288
|2010= 263
|2020= 194
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2020, there were 194 people, 108 households, and 78 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|797.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|363.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 108 households, of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 27.8% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the town was 44.9 years. 21.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 35.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.2% male and 49.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 288 people, 108 households, and 84 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|841.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|347.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 2.78% from two or more races.

There were 108 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.2% were non-families. 20.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.5% under the age of 18, 11.8% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 31.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $36,406. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,156. About 25.0% of families and 25.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 36.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.5% of those 65 or over.

