==Demographics==
===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 142 people, 60 households, and 46 families residing in the community. The [[population density]] was 149.2 inhabitants per square mile (57.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 60 housing units at an average density of 63.0 per square mile (24.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the community was 97.2% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.8% of the population.

Of the 60 households, 25.0% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.7% were cohabitating couples, 5.0% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 15.0% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 23.3% of all households were non-families. 15.0% of all households were made up of individuals, 1.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the community was 50.3 years. 24.6% of the residents were under the age of 20; 2.1% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 and 44; 31.0% were from 45 and 64; and 24.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the community was 52.8% male and 47.2% female.

{{US Census population
|2010= 133
|2020= 142
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

