==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 268
|1920= 228
|1930= 263
|1940= 190
|1950= 281
|1960= 363
|1970= 381
|1980= 454
|1990= 439
|2000= 374
|2010= 380
|2020= 404
|estyear=2022
|estimate=394
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 17, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 17, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 23, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 380 people, 163 households, and 100 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1520.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|732.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.1% of the population.

There were 163 households, of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 0.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.7% were non-families. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 33.6 years. 23.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 11% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.6% were from 25 to 44; 30% were from 45 to 64; and 7.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.4% male and 47.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 374 people, 150 households, and 102 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,440.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 181 housing units at an average density of {{convert|697.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.53% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.14% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.01% of the population.

There were 150 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.08.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,375, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $19,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,734. About 8.4% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.8% of those under age 18 and 5.9% of those age 65 or over.

