==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 766
|1970= 1101
|1980= 1064
|1990= 962
|2000= 1008
|2010= 1001
|2020= 1134
|estyear=2021
|estimate=1117
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2021">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=August 11, 2022|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2021|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 11, 2022}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 31, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=March 13, 2026}}</ref> there were 1,134 people,  479 households, and 414 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2577.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 500 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1136.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 68.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 23.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 387 households, of which 41.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them and 38.5% had an individual over the age of 65. 77.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 2.6% were cohabitating couples. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the town was 47.9 years. 25.0% of residents were under the age of 18; The gender makeup of the town was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 19, 2012}}</ref> there were 1,001 people, 374 households, and 299 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2780.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 407 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1130.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 86.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 8.8% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 374 households, of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 20.1% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.04.

The median age in the town was 46.8 years. 27.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.7% were from 25 to 44; 33.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,008 people, 379 households, and 308 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 2,720.3 people per square mile (1,051.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 393 housing units at an average density of 1,060.6 per square mile (410.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 93.65% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.69% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.98% of the population.

There were 379 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.5% were non-families. 15.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 3.7% from 18 to 24, 20.9% from 25 to 44, 30.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $117,940, and the median income for a family was $126,075. Males had a median income of $100,000 versus $52,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $72,135. About 1.6% of families and 3.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

