==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1930 = 476
| 1940 = 477
| 1950 = 597
| 1960 = 426
| 1970 = 429
| 1980 = 530
| 1990 = 325
| 2000 = 321
| 2010 = 379
| 2020 = 324
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 24, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 379 people, 165 households, and 97 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|924.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|453.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 99.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 165 households, of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.2% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 3.01.

The median age in the town was 42.5 years. 22.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 22.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 321 people, 136 households, and 93 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 791.3 inhabitants per square mile (302.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 175 housing units at an average density of 431.4 per square mile (164.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 136 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.9% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 25.9% from 25 to 44, 24.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $23,194, and the median income for a family was $27,000. Males had a median income of $24,444 versus $14,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,526. About 15.7% of families and 24.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.5% of those under age 18 and 22.0% of those age 65 or over.

