==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 515
|1940= 469
|1950= 374
|1960= 262
|1970= 185
|1980= 142
|1990= 88
|2000= 87
|2010= 71
|2020= 63
|footnote=[https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 71 people, 37 households, and 17 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|710.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 55 housing units at an average density of {{convert|550.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 5.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 37 households, of which 13.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.1% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.92 and the average family size was 2.76.

The median age in the town was 46.5 years. 15.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.5% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 18.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.9% male and 52.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 87 people, 44 households, and 20 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|837.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|568.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.30% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.30% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, out of which 13.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.3% were non-families. 47.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.8% under the age of 18, 2.3% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 32.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females there were 102.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,688, and the median income for a family was $39,375. Males had a median income of $35,625 versus $42,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,567. There were 8.7% of families and 9.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 25.0% of those over 64.

