==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=right
|1840= 465
|1850= 3080
|1860= 4919
|1870= 5960
|1880= 5730
|1890= 6054
|1900= 7267
|1910= 9462
|1920= 12363
|1930= 12936
|1940= 12486
|1950= 11508
|1960= 10173
|1970= 9246
|1980= 8843
|1990= 7943
|2000= 7124
|2010= 7107
|2020= 6916
|estyear=2021
|estimate=6932
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="CensusPopEst">{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=25 November 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref>
}}

As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2" /> there were 7,174 people, 3,179 households, and 1,901 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|729.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,602 housing units at an average density of {{convert|366.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 98.69% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.57% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.30% of the population.

There were 3,179 households, out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.2% were non-families. 35.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.93.

The borough's population consisted of 21.8% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $27,899, and the median income for a family was $36,406. Males had a median income of $29,970 versus $20,637 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $15,752. About 11.1% of families and 14.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those aged 65 or over.

