==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align= left
|1890= 219
|1900= 275
|1910= 256
|1920= 262
|1930= 300
|1940= 376
|1950= 332
|1960= 331
|1970= 363
|1980= 357
|1990= 239
|2000= 334
|2010= 559
|2020= 591
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census;<ref name="Green Isle, MN data USA profile"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 559 people, 218 households, and 154 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|570.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 240 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 218 households, of which 39.9% had children under 18 living with them, 51.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.4% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who 65 or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the city was 32.1. 30.2% of residents were under 18; 5.1% were between 18 and 24; 36.9% were from 25 to 44; 16% were from 45 to 64; and 12% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.8% male and 51.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 334 people, 136 households, and 102 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|447.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 141 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.90% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.30% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.59% of the population.

There were 136 households, of which 33.1% had children under 18 living with them, 65.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 or older. The median age was 36. For every 100 females, there were 108.8 males. For every 100 females 18 and over, there were 110.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $44,792, and the median income for a family was $51,964. Males had a median income of $31,979 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] was $25,537. About 1.8% of families and 2.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under 18 and 11.8% of those 65 or over.

