==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 83
|1970= 118
|1980= 97
|1990= 112
|2000= 91
|2010= 79
|2020= 98
|estimate= 99
|estyear= 2025
|estref= <ref name="IndianaDemographics">{{cite web|url=https://www.indiana-demographics.com/country-club-heights-demographics|title=Country Club Heights Demographic Statistics|publisher=Indiana Demographics by Cubit|accessdate=January 29, 2025}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 79 people, 35 households, and 26 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|282.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|142.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 35 households, of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.62.

The median age in the town was 57.9 years. 16.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 12.7% were from 25 to 44; 36.7% were from 45 to 64; and 30.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 91 people, 39 households, and 32 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|297.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.30% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.10% of the population.

There were 39 households, out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 79.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 17.9% were non-families. 15.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.56.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 17.6% under the age of 18, 1.1% from 18 to 24, 15.4% from 25 to 44, 44.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $97,723, and the median income for a family was $99,211. Males had a median income of $88,136 versus $45,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $52,273. There were no families and 4.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

