==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 425
|1890= 1698
|1900= 2475
|1910= 2543
|1920= 2751
|1930= 3281
|1940= 3530
|1950= 3543
|1960= 3141
|1970= 2879
|1980= 2772
|1990= 2252
|2000= 2281
|2010= 2149
|2020= 2060
|estyear=2025
|estimate=1994
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1910">{{cite web|title=Population-Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/36894832v3ch4.pdf|work=U.S. Census 1910|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1930">{{cite web|title=Number and Distribution of Inhabitants:Pennsylvania-Tennessee|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/03815512v1ch09.pdf|work=Fifteenth Census|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref><ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="CensusPopEst">{{cite web|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20131120100311/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archive-date=20 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 2,149 people, 383 of whom lived in the Allegheny county part of the borough, 1,766 of whom lived in the Washington County part of the borough.

As of the census<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 2,281 people, 1,021 households, and 607 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,387.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,181.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 92.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.04% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.09% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.10% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.26% of the population.

There were 1,021 households, out of which 24.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.6% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $33,239, and the median income for a family was $45,878. Males had a median income of $35,484 versus $25,039 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $17,907. About 6.7% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.

