==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 290
|1930= 263
|1940= 407
|1950= 412
|1960= 492
|1970= 403
|1980= 396
|1990= 342
|2000= 372
|2010= 370
|2020= 391
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 370 people, 175 households, and 95 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|268.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 208 housing units at an average density of {{convert|150.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 175 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.7% were non-families. 38.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 22.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.1% were from 25 to 44; 26.5% were from 45 to 64; and 21.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.8% male and 53.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 372 people, 178 households, and 95 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|327.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|174.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.69% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.08% from two or more races.

There were 178 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.6% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.5% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 or older. The median age was 44. For every 100 females, there were 83.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,583, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $28,000 versus $20,536 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,674. About 25.9% of families and 34.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 52.9% of those under age 18 and 22.2% of those age 65 or over.

