==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 89
|1940= 116
|1950= 150
|1960= 163
|1970= 172
|1980= 187
|1990= 181
|2000= 279
|2010= 424
|2020= 431
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 13, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 424 people, 165 households, and 112 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|632.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 184 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.2% of the population.

There were 165 households, of which 39.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the city was 30.2 years. 30.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 28.6% were from 25 to 44; 18.5% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 279 people, 117 households, and 78 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|525.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.72% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 15.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,333, and the median income for a family was $38,958. Males had a median income of $27,708 versus $19,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,845.  About 13.8% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 14.8% of those 65 or over.

