==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 120
|1880= 587
|1890= 1123
|1900= 1511
|1910= 1899
|1920= 1649
|1930= 1952
|1940= 1748
|1950= 1688
|1960= 1583
|1970= 1440
|1980= 1265
|1990= 1194
|2000= 1088
|2010= 1078
|2020= 924
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,088 people, 482 households, and 270 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,473.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 624 housing units at an average density of {{convert|845.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% Hispanic or Latino of any race, 0.09% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.74% from two or more races.

There were 482 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 38.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.3% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 27.7% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 23.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,338, and the median income for a family was $36,979. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $21,429 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,875. About 11.0% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.

According to the 2008-2012 [[American Community Survey]], the total population of Alexandria Bay was 1,999 and 95.5% white. 12.6% of the population over 25 does not have a high school or equivalent degree. Median household income, in 2012 inflation adjusted dollars, was $37,303.<ref>{{cite journal|title=Social Explorer Tables: ACS 2008 to 2012 (5-Year Estimates)(SE), ACS 2008 -- 2012 (5-Year Estimates), Social Explorer; U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>

