==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 422
|1960= 1430
|1970= 907
|1980= 1323
|1990= 1282
|2000= 1219
|2010= 1008
|2020= 901
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Oil City racial composition as of 2020<ref name=":0">{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2257590&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 450
| 49.94%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 373
| 41.4%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.67%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 2
| 0.22%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
| 1
| 0.11%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 53
| 5.88%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 16
| 1.78%
|-
!scope=“row”| [[Wade]]
| 1
| 0.1%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 901 people, 406 households, and 220 families residing in the town. As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,219 people, 480 households, and 311 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|679.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 542 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.

In 2000, the racial makeup of the town was 55.13% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 44.05% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latinos]] of any race were 1.72% of the population. By 2020, the racial and ethnic makeup was 49.94% non-Hispanic white, 41.4% Black or African American, 0.67% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.11% Pacific Islander, 5.88% multiracial, and 1.78% Hispanic or Latino of any race.<ref name=":0" />

There were 480 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.27.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.2% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 18.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.2 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $25,114. Males had a median income of $23,516 versus $15,667 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $9,697. About 28.8% of families and 35.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 48.1% of those under age 18 and 28.4% of those age 65 or over. The 2020 [[American Community Survey]] estimated the median household income was $20,375,<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=Oil%20City%20town,%20Louisiana%20income&g=1600000US2257590 |access-date=July 5, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> making it one of the poorest rural communities in Louisiana.

