==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1940 = 226
| 1950 = 247
| 1960 = 239
| 1970 = 229
| 1980 = 250
| 1990 = 314
| 2000 = 268
| 2010 = 276
| 2020 = 268
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 276 people, 106 households, and 73 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|270.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|111.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.9% of the population.

There were 106 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.21.

The median age in the village was 35 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26% were from 25 to 44; 27.9% were from 45 to 64; and 11.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 54.0% male and 46.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 268 people, 102 households and 70 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 267.6 per square mile (103.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 108 housing units at an average density of 107.9 per square mile (41.7/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.37% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (one person), and 0.75% (two people) from two or more races.

There were 102 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.13.

22.8% of the population were under the age of 18, 14.2% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 19.4% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $46,458 and the median family income was $56,500. Males had a median income of $34,750 versus $16,786 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $19,235. About 1.5% of families and 4.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 7.9% of those 65 or over.

