==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 136
| 1920 = 130
| 1930 = 100
| 1940 = 82
| 1950 = 74
| 1960 = 86
| 1970 = 100
| 1980 = 177
| 1990 = 122
| 2000 = 118
| 2010 = 115
| 2020 = 88
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 82
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As per the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there are 118 people, 52 households, and 34 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|39.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|40.0|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.61% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 1.69% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 1.69% from two or more races.

There were 52 households, out of which 17.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.7% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.3% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 24, 28.0% from 25 to 44, 33.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,607, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,896. There were 17.1% of families and 27.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 33.3% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

