==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 1000
|1910= 876
|1920= 678
|1930= 551
|1940= 479
|1950= 613
|1960= 602
|1970= 620
|1980= 657
|1990= 703
|2000= 761
|2010= 725
|2020= 712
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]],<ref name="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web | title = U.S. Census website | url = https://www.census.gov | publisher = [[United States Census Bureau]] | access-date = December 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 725 people, 265 households, and 203 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2416.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 302 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1006.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.9% of the population.

There were 265 households, of which 39.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.4% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the town was 36.1 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.4% were from 25 to 44; 28.4% were from 45 to 64; and 10.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website  }}</ref> there were 761 people, 261 households, and 205 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,533.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 283 housing units at an average density of {{convert|942.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.45% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.10% of the population.

There were 261 households, out of which 44.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.1% were non-families. 16.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.20.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.1% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 33.9% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,036, and the median income for a family was $47,159. Males had a median income of $33,438 versus $22,011 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $16,342. About 5.5% of families and 7.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.9% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.

