==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 271 people, 106 households, and 75 families residing in the village.  The [[population density]] was 816.1 people per square mile (317.1/km<sup>2</sup>).  There were 114 housing units at an average density of 343.3/sq&nbsp;mi (133.4/km<sup>2</sup>).  The racial makeup of the village was 95.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.48% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.48% of the population.

There were 106 households, out of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.89.

In the village the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 5.5% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $48,750, and the median income for a family was $55,417. Males had a median income of $27,143 versus $21,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $25,900.  About 7.4% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 17.7% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

