==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1890= 421
|1900= 503
|1910= 1065
|1920= 1083
|1930= 927
|1940= 897
|1950= 1022
|1960= 849
|1970= 853
|1980= 770
|1990= 846
|2000= 944
|2010= 789
|2020= 771
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|access-date=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}
Oakman first appeared on the 1890 census as the town of Day (or Day's) Gap. It changed its name in 1894 to Oakman and has remained since.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 944 people, 386 households, and 265 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|303.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 449 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 79.66% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 19.60% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], and 0.74% from two or more races. 0.74% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 386 households, out of which 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,014, and the median income for a family was $31,964. Males had a median income of $25,221 versus $17,321 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,936. About 17.4% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 26.1% of those age 65 or over.

