==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 467
|1900= 860
|1910= 701
|1920= 602
|1930= 565
|1940= 630
|1950= 592
|1960= 642
|1970= 636
|1980= 592
|1990= 560
|2000= 657
|2010= 604
|2020= 616
|estyear=2022
|estimate=615
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 20, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 20, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=August 7, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 604 people, 255 households, and 173 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|425.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 294 housing units at an average density of {{convert|207.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 15.7% of the population.

There were 255 households, of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.2% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 42.9 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.6% were from 25 to 44; 32.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.6% male and 47.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 657 people, 269 households, and 185 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|458.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 298 housing units at an average density of {{convert|208.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.35% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.76% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] (i.e. five persons), 0.15% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]] (one person), 1.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]] (i.e. nine persons), and 1.37% from two or more races (nine persons). 4.87% of the population (32 persons) were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 269 households, out of which 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 14.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,643, and the median income for a family was $43,167. Males had a median income of $28,611 versus $19,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $18,011. About 5.4% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.1% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.

Ancestries: Polish (34.6%), German (26.6%), Norwegian (21.3%), Czech (8.7%), Irish (8.2%), French (5.3%).

