==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 216
| 2010 = 255
| 2020 = 236
| align-fn = center
| footnote = [https://web.archive.org/web/20060208103743/http://www.census.gov:80/prod/www/abs/decennial/ U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the 2020 census, there were 236 people, 101 housing units, and 80 families in the CDP. There were 154 [[White Americans|White]] people, 10 [[Native Americans in the United States|Native Americans]], 30 people from some other race, and 42 people were from two or more races. 73 people were from [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] origin.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/profile?g=160XX00US5332650 |access-date=2023-05-23 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

The ancestry was 55.9% [[German Americans|German]], 42.4% [[Irish Americans|Irish]], 1.3% [[French Americans|French]], and 1.3% [[Norwegian Americans|Norwegian]].<ref name=":0" />

The median age was 37.9 years. 24.9% of the population was older than 65, with 18.8% from the ages of 65 to 74, 5.2% from 75 to 84, and 0.9% from the ages older than 85.<ref name=":0" />

41.5% of the population were in poverty. 65.7% of people under 18 were in poverty, 44.1% of people between the ages of 18 and 64 were in poverty, and 7.0% of people older than 65 were in poverty.<ref name=":0" />

===2000 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 216 people, 81 households, and 60 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 22.8 people per square mile (8.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 93 housing units at an average density of 9.8/sq&nbsp;mi (3.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 79.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.93% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 11.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 13.89% of the population.

There were 81 households, out of which 39.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.7% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27.8% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,000, and the median income for a family was $22,188. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $17,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $10,210. About 26.9% of families and 32.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 40.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.5% of those 65 or over.

