==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 387
|1930= 351
|1940= 421
|1950= 424
|1960= 450
|1970= 460
|1980= 494
|1990= 481
|2000= 663
|2010= 618
|2020= 601
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 663 people, 233 households, and 171 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,222.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 261 housing units at an average density of {{convert|481.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.96% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.30% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.21% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.81% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.62% of the population.

There were 233 households, out of which 40.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.24.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 32.4% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,382, and the median income for a family was $31,953. Males had a median income of $28,250 versus $21,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,099. About 10.3% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.0% of those under age 18 and 4.6% of those age 65 or over.

