==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 557
| 1920 = 652
| 1930 = 579
| 1940 = 737
| 1950 = 662
| 1960 = 634
| 1970 = 623
| 1980 = 627
| 1990 = 578
| 2000 = 625
| 2010 = 491
| 2020 = 523
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 491 people, 226 households, and 132 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|100.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 270 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.2% of the population.

There were 226 households, of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.6% were non-families. 38.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the village was 47.5 years. 23.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.1% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.8% male and 54.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 625 people, 261 households, and 169 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 136.0 people per square mile (52.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 289 housing units at an average density of 62.9 per square mile (24.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 99.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.16% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.48% of the population.

There were 261 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.2% were non-families. 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.0% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 23.0% from 45 to 64, and 18.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,250, and the median income for a family was $36,607. Males had a median income of $32,875 versus $18,295 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $17,786. About 11.2% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 13.2% of those age 65 or over.

