==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 73
|1910= 210
|1920= 177
|1930= 221
|1940= 266
|1950= 237
|1960= 293
|1970= 306
|1980= 373
|1990= 535
|2000= 515
|2010= 613
|2020= 582
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Richfield racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3756340&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 21, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 511
| 87.8%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 30
| 5.15%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 2
| 0.34%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 12
| 2.06%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 15
| 2.58%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 12
| 2.06%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 582 people, 196 households, and 148 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 515 people, 197 households and 144 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|247.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 225 housing units at an average density of {{convert|107.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 81.94% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.37% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.36% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.19% of the population.

There were 197 households, of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.9% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.13.

27.4% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.2 males.

The [[median household income]] was $40,083 and the family median income was $41,442. Males had a median income of $26,420 compared with $23,542 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,334. About 4.7% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.4% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

