==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 282
|1910= 384
|1920= 444
|1930= 388
|1940= 439
|1950= 314
|1960= 285
|1970= 244
|1980= 244
|1990= 183
|2000= 198
|2010= 210
|2020= 195
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 210 people, 77 households, and 55 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1166.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|505.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.0% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.0% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.2% of the population.

There were 77 households, of which 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.6% were non-families. 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.11.

The median age in the city was 34.8 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.7% were from 25 to 44; 23.8% were from 45 to 64; and 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> 198 people, 71 households, and 50 families were residing in Chula. The population density was {{convert|1,192.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The average density of the 80 housing units was 481.7 per square mile (181.7/km{{sup|2}}). The racial makeup of the city was 98.99% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.51% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.51% from two or more races.

Of the 71 households, 45.1% had children under the age of 18, 50.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]], 18.3% were single female householders, and 28.2% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals; 14.1% were 65 years of age or older and living alone. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.31.

In Chula, 37.9% of the population was under the age of 18, 5.1% were 18 to 24, 27.3% were 25 to 44, 18.2% were 45 to 64, and 11.6% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.

The median income for a household was $30,208, and the median income for a family was $30,625. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $10,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,920. About 24.5% of families and 21.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 43.5% of those 65 or over.

