==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 150
|1910= 196
|1920= 261
|1930= 263
|1940= 298
|1950= 230
|1960= 225
|1970= 204
|1980= 197
|1990= 196
|2000= 217
|2010= 171
|2020= 161
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 16, 2013}}</ref><br>2012 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|accessdate=October 16, 2013|url-status=dead|archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20131019235623/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012-3.html|archivedate=October 19, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 171 people, 67 households, and 45 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1068.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 80 housing units at an average density of {{convert|500.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 2.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 67 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.13.

The median age in the village was 36.6 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 26.8% were from 45 to 64; and 18.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 55.6% male and 44.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 217 people, 83 households, and 60 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,372.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|594.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.46% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 83 households, out of which 37.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.7% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.8% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $33,125, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $34,375 versus $20,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,461. None of the families and 2.8% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 4.0% of those over 64.

