==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 648
|1910= 910
|1920= 889
|1930= 932
|1940= 753
|1950= 813
|1960= 853
|1970= 1038
|1980= 1022
|1990= 1054
|2000= 1028
|2010= 1121
|2020= 1104
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,121 people, 492 households, and 286 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|862.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 560 housing units at an average density of {{convert|430.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 492 households, of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.9% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 47.3 years. 21.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 29.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 44.7% male and 55.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,028 people, 451 households, and 261 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,050.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 493 housing units at an average density of {{convert|503.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.93% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 451 households, out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.1% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.96.

In the city the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 28.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,190, and the median income for a family was $37,250. Males had a median income of $26,827 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,280. About 2.1% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 0.5% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.

