==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 3009
|2020= 1806
|footnote=Population sources:<br>2010<ref name=Census2010/> 2020<ref name=Census2020/>
}}
Kenvil was part of the [[Succasunna-Kenvil, New Jersey|Succasunna-Kenvil]] CDP as part of the [[2000 United States census]], at which time the combined population was 12,569.<ref name=Census2000>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3471385 DP-1:  Profile of General Demographic Characteristics: 2000; Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent Data for Succasunna-Kenvil CDP, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212092804/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/00_SF1/DP1/1600000US3471385 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 23, 2012.</ref> For the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], the area was split into two CDPs, [[Succasunna, New Jersey|Succasunna]] (with a 2010 Census population of 9,152<ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3471370 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Succasunna CDP, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212133412/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3471370 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 23, 2012.</ref>) and Kenvil (3,009 as of 2010<ref name=Census2010>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3436720 DP-1 - Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data for Kenvil CDP, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212135045/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US3436720 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 23, 2012.</ref>).<ref name=CPH232>[https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2010/cph-2-32.pdf#page=20 New Jersey: 2010 - Population and Housing Unit Counts - 2010 Census of Population and Housing (CPH-2-32)], p. III-4. [[United States Census Bureau]], August 2012. Accessed December 23, 2012. "New CDPs: Kenvil (formed from part of deleted Succasunna-Kenvil CDP) and Succasunna (formed from part of deleted Succasunna-Kenvil CDP); Deleted CDPs: Succasunna-Kenvil (split to form Kenvil and Succasunna CDPs)."</ref><ref>[http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/GCTPH1.CY10/0500000US34027 GCT-PH1 - Population, Housing Units, Area, and Density: 2010 - County -- County Subdivision and Place from the 2010 Census Summary File 1 for Morris County, New Jersey] {{Webarchive|url=https://archive.today/20200212201033/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/GCTPH1.CY10/0500000US34027 |date=2020-02-12 }}, [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 23, 2012.</ref><ref>[http://www2.census.gov/acs2010_5yr/summaryfile/UserTools/Geography/NJ.xls 2006-2010 American Community Survey Geography for New Jersey], [[United States Census Bureau]]. Accessed December 23, 2012.</ref>

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Kenvil CDP, New Jersey – Racial and ethnic composition'''<br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
!Race / Ethnicity <small>(''NH = Non-Hispanic'')</small>
!Pop 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Kenvil CDP, New Jersey|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3436720&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |Pop 2020<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Kenvil CDP, New Jersey|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3436720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date= }}</ref>
!% 2010
!style="background-color: #ffffb3;" |% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
|2,220
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1,041
|73.78%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |57.64%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
|52
|style='background: #ffffe6; |60
|1.73%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |3.32%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
|210
|style='background: #ffffe6; |119
|6.98%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |6.59%
|-
|[[Native Hawaiian]] or [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
|0
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1
|0.00%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |0.06%
|-
|[[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
|5
|style='background: #ffffe6; |22
|0.17%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |1.22%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or Multiracial]] (NH)
|41
|style='background: #ffffe6; |86
|1.36%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |4.76%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|481
|style='background: #ffffe6; |477
|15.99%
|style='background: #ffffe6; |26.41%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''3,009'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''1,806 '''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2010 census===
The [[2010 United States census]] counted 3,009 people, 1,095 households, and 773 families in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2262.8|/sqmi}}. There were 1,149 housing units at an average density of {{convert|864.1|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup was 83.52% (2,513) [[White (U.S. census)|White]], 2.19% (66) [[Black (U.S. census)|Black or African American]], 0.13% (4) [[Native American (U.S. census)|Native American]], 7.18% (216) [[Asian (U.S. census)|Asian]], 0.00% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. census)|Pacific Islander]], 4.55% (137) from [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|other races]], and 2.43% (73) from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. census)|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 15.99% (481) of the population.<ref name=Census2010/>

Of the 1,095 households, 30.3% had children under the age of 18; 54.6% were married couples living together; 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present and 29.4% were non-families. Of all households, 25.0% were made up of individuals and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.13.<ref name=Census2010/>

20.9% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.2 years. For every 100 females, the population had 95.4 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 94.8 males.<ref name=Census2010/>

