==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 122
|1920= 178
|1930= 250
|1940= 295
|1950= 409
|1960= 441
|1970= 371
|1980= 361
|1990= 337
|2000= 364
|2010= 337
|2020= 305
|footnote=Source: Census Bureau. Census [http://www.michigan.gov/documents/MCD1960-1990C_33608_7.pdf 1960–] 2000, 2010.
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 25, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 337 people, 160 households, and 82 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|406.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 236 housing units at an average density of {{convert|284.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.7% of the population.

There were 160 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 48.8% were non-families. 43.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 43.2 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.9% were from 45 to 64; and 25.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 364 people, 179 households, and 102 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|474.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 246 housing units at an average density of {{convert|320.9|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.27% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.27% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.82% from two or more races.

There were 179 households, out of which 22.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 39.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.63.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 24.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 71.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $24,464, and the median income for a family was $29,821. Males had a median income of $30,179 versus $17,143 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,860. About 13.1% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.

