==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 183
|1940= 240
|1950= 266
|1960= 270
|1970= 285
|1980= 249
|1990= 243
|2000= 242
|2010= 229
|2020= 201
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 229 people, 100 households, and 66 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|602.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|302.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.4% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]].

There were 100 households, of which 28.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.82.

The median age in the town was 42.1 years. 24% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.7% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 242 people, 103 households, and 70 families living in the town.  The population density was {{convert|630.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|299.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 99.59% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 0.41% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.65% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.0% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.9% under the age of 18, 12.0% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $37,500, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $29,375 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,941.  About 6.2% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.9% of those 65 or over.

