==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2020= 1963
|align=left
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A35|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau |accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
The tribe has about 3,400 citizens.<ref name=wallerstein/> At the pueblo, unemployment is 27%. Of the heads of households, 70% have graduated high school.<ref name=wallerstein/>

It seems that a significant part of the Jemez Pueblo population originates from the surviving remnant of the Pecos Pueblo population who fled to Jemez Pueblo in 1838.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,953 people, 467 households, and 415 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|957.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 499 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 0.41% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 99.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.95% of the population.

There were 467 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 11.1% were non-families. 9.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 2.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.18 and the average family size was 4.45.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 35.0% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 18.4% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $28,889, and the median income for a family was $30,880. Males had a median income of $20,964 versus $17,262 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $8,045. About 27.2% of families and 25.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.1% of those under age 18 and 34.6% of those age 65 or over.

