==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 456
|2010= 445
|2020= 446
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 456 people, 205 households, and 121 families residing in the CDP.  The [[population density]] was {{cvt|71.5|PD/sqmi}}.  There were 281 housing units at an average density of {{cvt|44.0|/sqmi}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial makeup]] of the CDP was 85% White, <1% Black or African American, 2% Native American, 2% Asian, <1% Pacific Islander, 6% from other races, and 5% from two or more races.  Hispanic or Latino of any race were 19% of the population.

There were 205 households, out of which 29% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41% were non-families. 37% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.2 and the average family size was 2.9.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 27% under the age of 18, 5% from 18 to 24, 25% from 25 to 44, 24% from 45 to 64, and 19% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was US$23,833, and the median income for a family was US$29,722. Males had a median income of US$27,083 versus US$13,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was US$11,976. About 14% of families and 17% of the population were below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including 19% of those under age 18 and 17% of those age 65 or over.

