==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 159
|1960= 112
|1970= 111
|1980= 114
|1990= 74
|2000= 90
|2010= 105
|2020= 98
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 105 people, 48 households, and 24 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|338.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 81 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 48 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 31.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the city was 41.3 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 20% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 90 people, 43 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|275.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 66 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 43 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 51.2% were non-families. 46.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 1.1% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $11,786, and the median income for a family was $13,750. Males had a median income of $32,188 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,452. There were 47.6% of families and 44.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of under eighteens and 28.6% of those over 64.

