==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 132
|1930= 264
|1940= 278
|1950= 262
|1960= 207
|1970= 174
|1980= 152
|1990= 108
|2000= 124
|2010= 114
|2020= 88
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 114 people, 44 households, and 28 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|670.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|300.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.6% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, of which 40.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.25.

The median age in the city was 34 years. 32.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.5% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.5% male and 53.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 124 people, 49 households, and 34 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|944.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|457.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.23% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]].

There were 49 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the city the population was spread out, with 31.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 21.0% from 25 to 44, 28.2% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $28,438. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $20,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,637. There were 18.9% of families and 20.8% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of under eighteens and 52.6% of those over 64.

