==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 164
|1890= 316
|1900= 401
|1910= 458
|1920= 339
|1930= 438
|1940= 345
|1950= 319
|1960= 309
|1970= 316
|1980= 332
|1990= 318
|2000= 280
|2010= 273
|2020= 235
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
Brashear is part of the [[Kirksville, Missouri|Kirksville]] [[Kirksville micropolitan area|Micropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 273 people, 120 households, and 71 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|780.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 3.3% from two or more races.

There were 120 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.8% were non-families. 35.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 37.5 years. 26.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.5% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 11.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.0% male and 52.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 280 people, 124 households, and 73 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|796.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 142 housing units at an average density of {{convert|404.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.14% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 124 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.1% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the city the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $21,750, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $19,479 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $11,763. About 20.6% of families and 26.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 39.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 31.8% of those 65 or over.

