==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1850= 356
|1870= 356
|1880= 378
|1890= 340
|1900= 352
|1910= 209
|1920= 287
|1930= 318
|1940= 357
|1950= 413
|1960= 384
|1970= 467
|1980= 556
|1990= 547
|2000= 574
|2010= 833
|2020= 683
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2" />
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 574 people, 186 households, and 129 families residing in the borough. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2,836.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 213 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,052.4|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 94.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.22% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 24.56% of the population.

There were 186 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 103.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.0 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $41,250, and the median income for a family was $41,071. Males had a median income of $28,173 versus $24,583 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $14,379. About 9.5% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.0% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

