==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 273
|1870= 228
|1880= 306
|1890= 297
|1900= 297
|1910= 246
|1920= 231
|1930= 221
|1940= 213
|1950= 317
|1960= 301
|1970= 975
|1980= 241
|1990= 361
|2000= 759
|2010= 934
|2020= 1035
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus"/>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website|archive-date=December 27, 1996|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/19961227012639/http://www.census.gov/|url-status=live}}</ref> of 2000, there were 759 people, 418 households, and 186 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 4,868.7 people per square mile (1,831.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 443 housing units at an average density of 2,841.7 per square mile (1,069.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 85.51% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.17% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]], 0.53% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.58% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.58% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.46% of the population.

There were 418 households, out of which 11.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.3% were non-families. 45.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.82 and the average family size was 2.54.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.1% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 36.2% from 25 to 44, 33.6% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 92.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $48,750, and the median income for a family was $77,420. Males had a median income of $50,938 versus $30,833 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $33,007. None of the families and 5.7% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 14.9% of those over 64.

As of the census of 2010, there were 934 people living in the town of Occoquan.<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015|archive-date=November 8, 2020|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20201108185756/https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|url-status=live}}</ref>

