==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 407
|1880= 425
|1890= 448
|1900= 388
|1910= 302
|1920= 270
|1930= 278
|1940= 274
|1950= 371
|1960= 377
|1970= 412
|1980= 394
|1990= 315
|2000= 298
|2010= 282
|2020= 254
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 282 people, 100 households, and 77 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|671.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 115 housing units at an average density of {{convert|273.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.7% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 41.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 23.0% were non-families. 18.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the village was 39.2 years. 27% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.9% were from 45 to 64; and 10.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 298 people, 102 households, and 75 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|710.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 120 housing units at an average density of {{convert|286.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 102 households, out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.2% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 101.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $43,125. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $25,625 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,379. About 9.0% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 22.5% of those 65 or over.

