==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 182
|1920= 170
|1930= 214
|1940= 236
|1950= 259
|1960= 315
|1970= 350
|1980= 351
|1990= 331
|2000= 318
|2010= 436
|2020= 466
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 436 people, 168 households, and 118 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|454.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 177 housing units at an average density of {{convert|184.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.8% of the population.

There were 168 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 36 years. 27.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 29.1% were from 45 to 64; and 7.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 318 people, 117 households, and 89 families living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 98.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.63% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.26% of the population.

There were 117 households, out of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.9% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,750, and the median income for a family was $48,125. Males had a median income of $35,375 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,947. About 3.9% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

===Roads===
[[Minnesota State Highway 56|State Highway 56]], County Road 88 / 292nd Street East, and County Road 83 are main routes in the community.

Nearby routes include [[U.S. Route 52 in Minnesota|U.S. Highway 52]], [[Minnesota State Highway 19|State Highway 19]], County Road 47 / Northfield Boulevard, and County Road 86.

===Airport===
[[Stanton Airfield]] is located five miles south of Randolph but is primarily a [[general aviation]] airport.

