==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 365
|1970= 299
|1980= 238
|1990= 201
|2000= 206
|2010= 422
|2020= 764
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 422 people, 193 households, and 116 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|468.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 222 housing units at an average density of {{convert|246.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.24% [[Black (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.24% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.47% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.61% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.13% of the population.

There were 193 households, of which 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.9% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.81.

The median age in the city was 36.8 years. 23.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.7% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 206 people, 92 households, and 51 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|302.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 101 housing units at an average density of {{convert|148.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.85% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.94% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.49% of the population.

There were 92 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.5% were non-families. 39.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.3% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 20.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 104.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $19,722, and the median income for a family was $25,577. Males had a median income of $26,429 versus $30,417 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $13,336. About 10.3% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.5% of those under the age of 18 and none of those 65 or over.

