==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 81
|1920= 199
|1930= 157
|1940= 155
|1950= 200
|1960= 164
|1970= 109
|1980= 88
|1990= 79
|2000= 79
|2010= 61
|2020= 71
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 61 people, 22 households, and 14 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|244.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 24.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 65.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.6% of the population.

There were 22 households, of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.57.

The median age in the town was 38.5 years. 36.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.7% were from 25 to 44; 34.4% were from 45 to 64; and 13.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 79 people, 26 households, and 17 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|317.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|132.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 22.78% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 70.89% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.80% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.53% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.80% of the population.

There were 26 households, out of which 30.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.04 and the average family size was 3.76.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 35.4% under the age of 18, 15.2% from 18 to 24, 12.7% from 25 to 44, 29.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 142.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,000, and the median income for a family was $27,000. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $17,083 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,310. There were 16.7% of families and 24.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 30.8% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

