==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 187
|1940= 164
|1950= 124
|1960= 64
|1970= 51
|1980= 41
|1990= 19
|2000= 28
|2010= 21
|2020= 11
|estyear=2024
|estimate=12
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=September 2, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 21 people, 11 households, and 5 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|52.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|37.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 11 households, of which 9.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.5% were non-families. 54.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.91 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the city was 56.3 years. 9.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 14.3% were from 25 to 44; 38% were from 45 to 64; and 33.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 71.4% male and 28.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 28 people, 13 households, and 6 families. The population density was {{convert|72.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 15 housing units at an average density of {{convert|38.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 13 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.2% were non-families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 3.14.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 14.3% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 180.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,750, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $21,250 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $30,100. There were no families and 28.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

