==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 98
| 1890 = 429
| 1900 = 458
| 1910 = 1081
| 1920 = 1661
| 1930 = 1689
| 1940 = 1778
| 1950 = 1838
| 1960 = 1704
| 1970 = 1657
| 1980 = 1323
| 1990 = 1150
| 2000 = 960
| 2010 = 649
| 2020 = 529
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 482
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Cotton Plant Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0515550&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 9, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|133
|25.14%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|363
|68.62%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.19%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|25
|4.73%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|7
|1.32%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 529 people, 282 households, and 153 families residing in the city.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 960 people, 416 households, and 262 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|933.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 470 housing units at an average density of {{convert|456.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census|racial]] makeup of the city was 74.06% Black or African American, 23.96% White, 0.21% Native American, 0.31% Asian, and 1.46% from two or more races. 1.88% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 416 [[household]]s, out of which 27.2% had [[child]]ren under the age of 18 living with them, 31.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.6% had a [[female]] householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 34.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.31 and the average [[family]] size was 2.98.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 29.7% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 19.6% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.2 [[male]]s.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.5 males.

The median [[income]] for a household in the city was $13,264, and the median income for a family was $15,625. Males had a median income of $18,125 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,652.  47.3% of the population and 39.5% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. 66.8% of those under the age of 18 and 36.1% of those 65 and older were living below the [[poverty]] line.

