==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1940= 152
|1950= 131
|1960= 90
|1970= 85
|1980= 88
|1990= 70
|2000= 53
|2010= 48
|2020= 35
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people in 24 households, including 11 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|102.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|66.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 100.0% White.

Of the 24 households 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.7% were married couples living together, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.2% were non-families. 45.8% of households were one person and 25% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age was 50.5 years. 12.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.7% were from 25 to 44; 37.5% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 53 people in 26 households, including 13 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|111.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 31 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makup]] of the city was 98.11% White, and 1.89% from two or more races.<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> 52.9% were of [[Germans|German]], 15.7% [[Norwegians|Norwegian]], 7.8% [[Swedish people|Swedish]] and 5.9% [[Irish people|Irish]] ancestry according to [[Census 2000]].

Of the 26 households 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.2% were non-families. 34.6% of households were one person and 19.2% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.64.

The age distribution was 17.0% under the age of 18, 13.2% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 28.3% 65 or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.0 males.

The median household income was $30,417 and the median family income  was $31,500. Males had a median income of $35,000 versus $19,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,598. There were no families and 13.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

