==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 361
|1910= 358
|1920= 380
|1930= 396
|1940= 395
|1950= 373
|1960= 322
|1970= 316
|1980= 355
|1990= 312
|2000= 363
|2010= 319
|2020= 297
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 297 people, 111 households, and 81 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 592.4 inhabitants per square mile (228.7/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 119 housing units at an average density of 237.4 per square mile (91.6/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.7% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 0.0% from other races and 2.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 2.7% of the population.

Of the 111 households, 36.9% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.5% were cohabitating couples, 17.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 23.4% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 27.0% of all households were non-families. 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 34.5 years. 33.7% of the residents were under the age of 20; 4.4% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 27.3% were from 25 and 44; 19.2% were from 45 and 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.5% male and 48.5% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 319 people, 127 households, and 88 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|678.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|291.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 127 households, of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.7% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.03.

The median age in the city was 36.1 years. 27.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.9% were from 25 to 44; 22.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.6% male and 51.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 363 people, 141 households, and 104 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|794.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 145 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.28% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.55% of the population.

There were 141 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.2% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.97.

Age spread:  26.2% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 17.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,563, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $26,000 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,859. About 8.3% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.

===In the media===

In September 2012, BBC Persian channel broadcast a short coverage of the city of Persia.<ref>{{Cite web|url=http://www.bbc.co.uk/persian/iran/2012/09/120909_l72_persia_vid.shtml|title=پرشیا :شهری کوچک در قلب آمریکا|date=9 September 2012}}</ref> This coverage was about the city itself and why it is named Persia. The mayor and some locals were interviewed as a part of this coverage.

