==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1900 = 614
| 1910 = 752
| 1920 = 634
| 1930 = 611
| 1940 = 621
| 1950 = 521
| 1960 = 421
| 1970 = 376
| 1980 = 453
| 1990 = 416
| 2000 = 688
| 2010 = 841
| 2020 = 862
| estyear = 
| estimate = 
| estref = <ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 688 people, 219 households, and 183 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 900.7 people per square mile (349.5/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 258 housing units at an average density of 337.7 per square mile (131.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 97.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.15% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.29% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.89% from two or more races. 3.49% of the population were [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 219 households, out of which 49.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.0% were non-families. 15.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.14 and the average family size was 3.49.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 37.2% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,632, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $33,500 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,260. 6.1% of the population and 5.1% of families were below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, 3.4% of those under the age of 18 and 8.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

