==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 233
|1880= 262
|1890= 257
|1900= 250
|1910= 233
|1920= 206
|1930= 222
|1940= 256
|1950= 203
|1960= 213
|1970= 229
|1980= 282
|1990= 272
|2000= 293
|2010= 222
|2020= 186
|estyear= 2023
|estimate= 189
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 222 people, 79 households, and 58 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|472.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|195.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 79 households, of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.6% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.10.

The median age in the village was 38.4 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.8% were from 25 to 44; 24% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.7% male and 52.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 293 people, 94 households, and 75 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|627.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|214.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.27% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] people of any race were 2.73% of the population.

There were 94 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.2% were non-families. 17.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.12 and the average family size was 3.41.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 31.4% under the age of 18, 5.1% from 18 to 24, 32.1% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 104.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $37,727, and the median income for a family was $37,969. Males had a median income of $28,214 versus $20,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,329. About 18.3% of families and 22.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 25.0% of those 65 or over.

