==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 713
|1910= 1503
|1920= 1477
|1930= 1400
|1940= 1420
|1950= 1409
|1960= 1285
|1970= 1125
|1980= 1158
|1990= 1038
|2000= 1058
|2010= 919
|2020= 921
|estyear=2022
|estimate=919
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 13, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 13, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=May 29, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 919 people, 406 households, and 228 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|578.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 501 housing units at an average density of {{convert|315.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.7% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.8% of the population.

There were 406 households, of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.8% were non-families. 36.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.79.

The median age in the city was 48.2 years. 20.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 26.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.7% male and 50.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,058 people, 454 households, and 261 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|756.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 524 housing units at an average density of {{convert|374.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 1.32% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.51% of the population.

There were 454 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.3% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.87.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 30.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,125, and the median income for a family was $39,500. Males had a median income of $29,417 versus $17,955 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,676. About 6.2% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 19.9% of those age 65 or over.

