==Demographics==
{{stack|{{US Census population
|1840= 407
|1850= 811
|1860= 1315
|1870= 1793
|1880= 1860
|1890= 2419
|1900= 3450
|1910= 4379
|1920= 5278
|1930= 5961
|1940= 6186
|1950= 6361
|1960= 6070
|1970= 5451
|1980= 5148
|1990= 5312
|2000= 5756
|2010= 5567
|2020= 5927
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}}}
As of the 2000 census,<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref>  there were 5,756 people, 2,422 households, and 1,237 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|3,245.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 2,630 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,482.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 58.05% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 30.01<ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.poconorecord.com/article/20150718/NEWS/150719471|title = Spurred by faith, city man mobilizes homeless-aid effort}}</ref>% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.21% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.89% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 2.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.59% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.95% of the population.

There were 2,422 households, out of which 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.9% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.98.

The population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 15.0% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 86.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.2 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $32,409, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $31,952 versus $26,863 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,965. About 9.6% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 20.2% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.

