==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 38
|2000= 41
|2010= 34
|2020= 19
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Chase first appeared on the 1990 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).<ref>{{cite web |title=1990 Census of Population and Housing - Summary Social, Economic, and Housing Characteristics - Alaska |url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph5/cph-5-3.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140223233331/https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph5/cph-5-3.pdf |archive-date=February 23, 2014 |url-status=dead}}</ref>

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 41 people, 21 households, and 9 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] at that time was {{convert|0.4|/sqmi}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1|/sqmi}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 100.00% [[Race (United States Census)|White]].

There were 21 households, out of which 14.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.4% were non-families. 42.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.95 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 17.1% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 17.1% from 25 to 44, 56.1% from 45 to 64, and 7.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 156.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 183.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $16,250, and the median income for a family was $0. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $16,000. There were no families and none of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

