==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 113
|1890= 325
|1900= 777
|1910= 819
|1920= 894
|1930= 918
|1940= 1065
|1950= 1274
|1960= 1297
|1970= 1320
|1980= 1470
|1990= 1417
|2000= 1449
|2010= 1392
|2020= 1366
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1355
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |date=January 22, 2024|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=January 22, 2024}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref>{{Cite web|publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Search Results |url=https://www.census.gov/search-results.html |access-date=February 25, 2023 |website=The United States Census Bureau |language=EN-US}}</ref> there were 1,366 people and 547 households living in the city. The employment rate was 70.6% in the city, with 21.5% of residents having at least a bachelor's degree.

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 1,392 people, 582 households, and 365 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|973.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 635 housing units at an average density of {{convert|444.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5 [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Jewish]], 3.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.7% of the population.

There were 582 households, of which 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.3% were non-families. 33.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 43.5 years. 24.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 22.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.4% male, 53.7% female, and 0.9% transgender.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 1,449 people, 590 households, and 389 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|999.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 614 housing units at an average density of {{convert|423.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.72% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.14% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.52% of the population.

There were 590 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.9% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.0% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 25.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $36,375, and the median income for a family was $46,023. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $21,518 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,390.  About 6.3% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.

