==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 755
|1910= 861
|1920= 1114
|1930= 1112
|1940= 961
|1950= 1027
|1960= 1068
|1970= 1160
|1980= 1125
|1990= 1082
|2000= 1411
|2010= 1451
|2020= 1522
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 18, 2013}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,451 people, 534 households, and 352 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1667.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 575 housing units at an average density of {{convert|660.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 75.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 21.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 33.6% of the population.

There were 534 households, of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.1% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.23.

The median age in the city was 38 years. 25.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 1,411 people, 522 households, and 346 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|2,020.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 558 housing units at an average density of {{convert|799.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 83.63% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.13% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 13.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.13% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.43% of the population.

There were 522 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.7% were non-families. 30.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $32,308, and the median income for a family was $41,429. Males had a median income of $26,607 versus $20,789 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,830. About 5.6% of families and 7.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.8% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

