==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 424
|1900= 300
|1910= 129
|1920= 74
|1930= 34
|1940= 118
|1950= 10
|1960= 9
|1970= 32
|1980= 129
|1990= 159
|2000= 169
|2010= 150
|2020= 128
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 150 people, 75 households, and 36 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|296.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.18% from two or more races.

There were 75 households, out of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52% were non-families. Of all households, 37.3% were made up of individuals, and 8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2 and the average family size was 2.67.

The age of the town's populace was spread out, with 19.3% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 32% from 25 to 44, 35.3% from 45 to 64, and 8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 154.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 132.7 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $33,750, and the median income for a family was $50,313. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $28,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,900. None of the population or families were below the [[poverty line]].

