==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 680
|1900= 642
|1910= 746
|1920= 678
|1930= 295
|1940= 262
|1950= 236
|1960= 158
|1970= 71
|1980= 105
|1990= 43
|2000= 28
|2010= 22
|2020= 26
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 28 people, 12 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was 55.9 people per square mile (21.6/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 78 housing units at an average density of 155.6 per square mile (60.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 12 households, out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.50.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.3% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 28.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,764. There were no families and 9.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

