==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 81
| 1970 = 208
| 1980 = 234
| 1990 = 224
| 2000 = 233
| 2010 = 213
| 2020 = 154
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 159
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2014 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for Incorporated Places: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2014|accessdate=June 4, 2015|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20150522132816/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2014/SUB-EST2014-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2015|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 233 people, 97 households, and 67 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|66.6|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 103 housing units at an average density of {{convert|29.5|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.14% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] caulk, 1.72% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.29% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], and 0.86% from two or more races. 0.86% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 97 households, out of which 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $33,250. Males had a median income of $30,729 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $21,428. About 13.9% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 18.6% of those 65 or over.

The population was 213 at the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census.]]<ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Census.gov {{!}} U.S. Census Bureau Homepage |url=https://www.census.gov/ |access-date=2024-10-14 |website=Census.gov |language=en}}</ref>

