==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010=370
|2020=306
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br> 2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

Honcut first appeared as a [[census designated place]] in the [[2010 U.S. census]].<ref name=2010CensusCA/>

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Honcut had a population of 306. The population density was {{convert|72.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Honcut was 159 (52.0%) [[White Americans|White]], 0 (0.0%) [[African Americans|African American]], 8 (2.6%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 11 (3.6%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 3 (1.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 75 (24.5%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 50 (16.3%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 143 persons (46.7%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Honcut CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0634428 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 99 households, out of which 35 (35.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 55 (55.6%) were married-couple households, 7 (7.1%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 21 (21.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 16 (16.2%) had a male householder with no partner present. 17 households (17.2%) were one person, and 6 (6.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.09.<ref name=DP1/> There were 74 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (74.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Honcut CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0634428 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 22, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 65 people (21.2%) under the age of 18, 39 people (12.7%) aged 18 to 24, 47 people (15.4%) aged 25 to 44, 92 people (30.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 63 people (20.6%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 45.3{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 121.7 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 99 (83.2%) were occupied. Of these, 67 (67.7%) were owner-occupied, and 32 (32.3%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

