==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1800= 523
|1810= 474
|1820= 773
|1830= 1479
|1840= 2058
|1850= 2733
|1860= 2638
|1870= 2737
|1880= 3222
|1890= 3273
|1900= 4451
|1910= 8166
|1920= 9849
|1930= 13357
|1940= 13017
|1950= 13894
|1960= 12640
|1970= 11098
|1980= 9830
|1990= 9341
|2000= 8998
|2010= 8338
|2020= 8579
|estyear=2021
|estimate=8518
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="Census1960">{{cite web|title=Number of Inhabitants: Pennsylvania|url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/17216604v1p40ch02.pdf|work=18th Census of the United States|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="Census1990">{{cite web|title=Pennsylvania: Population and Housing Unit Counts|url=https://www.census.gov/prod/cen1990/cph2/cph-2-40.pdf|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=22 November 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name="CensusPopEst">{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=25 November 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 8,338 people, 3,742 households, and 2,030 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|4,138.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 4,345 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2,156.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the borough was 95.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.9% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 3,742 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.8% were non-families. 39.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21, and the average family size was 2.93.

In the borough, the population was spread out, with 23.3% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.3 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $26,584, and the median income for a family was $38,356. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $16,447. About 22.8% of families and 27.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 47.0% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.

