==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 217
|1970= 257
|1980= 289
|1990= 362
|2000= 448
|2010= 435
|2020= 407
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 435 people, 178 households, and 110 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|483.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 203 housing units at an average density of {{convert|225.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 4.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.6% of the population.

There were 178 households, of which 34.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.2% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.05.

The median age in the city was 33.1 years. 24.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 14.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.1% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 11% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 448 people, 175 households, and 121 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|534.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 186 housing units at an average density of {{convert|221.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.22% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.12% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.01% of the population.

There were 175 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.3% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.01.

In the city the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 17.4% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,417, and the median income for a family was $29,792. Males had a median income of $22,917 versus $20,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,401. About 10.4% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.9% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

