==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1890|369
|1900|435
|1910|334
|1920|321
|1930|389
|1940|389
|1950|373
|1960|349
|1970|293
|1980|282
|1990|252
|2000|221
|2010|224
|2020|181
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 181 people, 83 households, and 54 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 564.3 inhabitants per square mile (217.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 102 housing units at an average density of 318.0 per square mile (122.8/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 96.1% [[White Americans|White]], 0.0% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.0% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.6% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.2% from other races and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 3.3% of the population.

Of the 83 households, 25.3% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.0% were cohabitating couples, 27.7% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 16.9% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 34.9% of all households were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 47.3 years. 15.5% of the residents were under the age of 20; 8.3% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 and 44; 21.5% were from 45 and 64; and 31.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 51.4% male and 48.6% female.

===2010 census===
At the 2010 [[census]],<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=May 11, 2012}}</ref> there were 224 people, 100 households and 65 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|605.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|294.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.1% of the population.

There were 100 households, of which 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.0% were non-families. 32.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age was 49 years. 19.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.7% were from 25 to 44; 28.6% were from 45 to 64; and 25% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> there were 221 people, 101 households and 72 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|613.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|316.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.45% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.45% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.45% of the population.

There were 101 households, of which 19.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.7% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.60.

19.0% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 17.2% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.4 males.

The [[median household income]] was $31,406 and the median family income was $33,750. Males had a median income of $31,250 and females $17,188. The [[per capita income]] was $14,722. About 4.0% of families and 6.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

