==Demographics==
<!-- As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 525 people, 262 households, and 175 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|14.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 1,106 housing units at an average density of {{convert|30.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.95% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.19% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.19% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.71% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.29% of the population.

There were 262 households, out of which 14.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.2% were non-families. 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.40.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 13.0% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 18.7% from 25 to 44, 40.4% from 45 to 64, and 25.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $33,527, and the median income for a family was $40,714. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $43,333 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $19,231. About 3.2% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 26.7% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.
 -->
The [[United States Census Bureau]] initially defined the {{nowrap|Red Feather Lakes CDP}} for the {{nowrap|[[United States Census 2000]].}}
{{Historical populations
|title  = Red Feather Lakes CDP, Colorado
|type   = US
|align  = left
|source = [[United States Census Bureau]]
|2000|525
|2010|343
|2020|426
}}
{{clear}}

