==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 454
|1940= 406
|1950= 897
|1960= 856
|1970= 989
|1980= 884
|1990= 692
|2000= 723
|2010= 546
|2020= 543
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 723 people, 302 households, and 189 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|1,584.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 395 housing units at an average density of {{convert|865.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 88.24% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.14% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 6.50% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.73% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.80% of the population.

There were 302 households, out of which 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.4% were non-families. 34.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 24.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,911, and the median income for a family was $32,574. Males had a median income of $22,344 versus $19,688 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,846.  About 15.0% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.-->{{clear left}}

