==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 249
|2010= 234
|2020= 375
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Glacier View first appeared on the 2000 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 249 people, 104 households, and 61 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|0.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 260 housing units at an average density of {{convert|0.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 88.76% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 7.23% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 3.21% from two or more races.

There were 104 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.4% were non-families. 36.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 2.4% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 34.9% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 122.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.9 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $36,429, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $13,542 versus $36,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $14,855.  None of the families and 4.0% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]].

