==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 921
|1920= 875
|1930= 950
|1940= 976
|1950= 1324
|1960= 1210
|1970= 1070
|1980= 1125
|1990= 927
|2000= 865
|2010= 807
|2020= 732
|estyear=2022
|estimate=724
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2022">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html|date=October 4, 2023|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2022|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 4, 2023}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|access-date=July 19, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2010, there were 807 people, 358 households, and 192 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|776.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 416 housing units at an average density of {{convert|400.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.4% of the population.

There were 358 households, of which 20.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.4% were non-families. 40.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 53.4 years. 17.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18% were from 25 to 44; 26.3% were from 45 to 64; and 34.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.2% male and 53.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 865 people, 369 households, and 221 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|831.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 405 housing units at an average density of {{convert|389.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.42% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.35% from two or more races.

There were 369 households, out of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.1% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.77.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 17.9% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 19.2% from 25 to 44, 19.7% from 45 to 64, and 39.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,688, and the median income for a family was $32,368. Males had a median income of $24,444 versus $16,513 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $16,258. About 4.4% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.8% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

