==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1990= 740
|2000= 843
|2010= 851
|2020= 834
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Skyline racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US0170896&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 12, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|688
|82.49%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|3
|0.36%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|27
|3.24%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|69
|8.27%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|47
|5.64%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 834 people, 367 households, and 258 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 843 people, 323 households, and 251 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|217.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 357 housing units at an average density of {{convert|92.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.90% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 2.73% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], and 2.25% from two or more races. 0.71% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 323 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.0% were non-families.  19.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $29,250, and the median income for a family was $31,985. Males had a median income of $28,026 versus $20,341 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,780. About 9.4% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 22.0% of those age 65 or over.

