==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1850= 152
|1860= 190
|1870= 177
|1880= 123
|1890= 162
|1900= 131
|1910= 82
|1920= 110
|1930= 123
|1940= 163
|1950= 176
|1960= 192
|1970= 165
|1980= 133
|1990= 104
|2000= 131
|2010= 122
|2020= 102
|estyear=2021
|estimate=103
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-03-04|title=Census of Population and Housing: Decennial Censuses }}</ref><ref>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=December 11, 2013|url-status=dead|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=June 11, 2013}}</ref><ref>{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> there were 131 people, 54 households, and 40 families residing in the borough. The population density was {{convert|2,301.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 59 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,036.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White.

There were 54 households, out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no male present, and 24.1% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the borough the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.1 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $31,806, and the median income for a family was $34,167. Males had a median income of $30,833 versus $24,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $18,309. There were 7.1% of families and 10.9% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and 6.9% of those over 64.
{{clear}}
