==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1820= 275
|1830= 271
|1840= 507
|1850= 690
|1860= 684
|1870= 638
|1880= 665
|1890= 1022
|1900= 625
|1910= 668
|1920= 664
|1930= 713
|1940= 736
|1950= 768
|1960= 1244
|1970= 1347
|1980= 1726
|1990= 1717
|2000= 1907
|2010= 2181
|2020= 2111
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,181 people, 820 households, and 517 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|872.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 908 housing units at an average density of {{convert|363.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.3% of the population.

There were 820 households, of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the village was 38.2 years. 25.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 18.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,907 people, 693 households, and 469 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|955.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 745 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.10% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.16% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.26% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], and 2.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.26% of the population.

There were 693 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 21.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 18.6% from 45 to 64, and 21.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,290, and the median income for a family was $23,846. Males had a median income of $31,618 versus $21,602 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,599. About 28.5% of families and 30.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.5% of those under age 18 and 24.1% of those age 65 or over.

