==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 324
|1940= 360
|1960= 375
|1970= 250
|1980= 208
|1990= 185
|2000= 178
|2010= 154
|2020= 154
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 154 people, 71 households, and 41 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|452.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 90 housing units at an average density of {{convert|264.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 71 households, of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.3% were non-families. 39.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the town was 42 years. 26.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.4% were from 45 to 64; and 14.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 178 people, 72 households, and 47 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|511.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 91 housing units at an average density of {{convert|261.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.76% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.62% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.56% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 3.37% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.56% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.62% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.1% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 20.8% from 45 to 64, and 15.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,417, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,003. About 20.5% of families and 19.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 21.2% of those 65 or over.

