==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 285
|1930= 286
|1940= 214
|1950= 233
|1960= 227
|1970= 218
|1980= 230
|1990= 192
|2000= 175
|2010= 164
|2020= 157
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020<ref name="2020Pop" />
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 164 people, 74 households, and 52 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|656.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 89 housing units at an average density of {{convert|356.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 6.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.8% of the population.

There were 74 households, of which 20.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.7% were non-families. 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.54.

The median age in the village was 49.7 years. 17.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.4% were from 25 to 44; 32.9% were from 45 to 64; and 24.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.2% male and 48.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 175 people, 68 households, and 51 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|706.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 85 housing units at an average density of {{convert|343.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 10.29% of the population.

There were 68 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.0% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 33.7% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.8 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $24,444, and the median income for a family was $29,688. Males had a median income of $23,125 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,281. About 15.7% of families and 21.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.2% of those under the age of eighteen and 8.0% of those 65 or over.

