==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 472
|1990= 438
|2000= 404
|2010= 480
|2020= 425
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 404 people, 168 households, and 119 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|223.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 173 housing units at an average density of {{convert|95.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.77% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.73% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.50% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.72% of the population.

There were 168 households, out of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.6% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.92.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 22.8% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,471, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $19,464 versus $20,446 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,122. About 25.4% of families and 24.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.8% of those under age 18 and 32.3% of those age 65 or over.

