==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 101
|1890= 310
|1910= 664
|1920= 670
|1930= 999
|1940= 1004
|1950= 1014
|1960= 1045
|1970= 1078
|1980= 1069
|1990= 929
|2000= 1057
|2010= 1056
|2020= 887
|estyear=2024
|estimate=873
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Campti racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2212280&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 29, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 157
| 17.7%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 679
| 76.55%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
| 6
| 0.68%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 32
| 3.61%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 13
| 1.47%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 887 people, 427 households, and 192 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,057 people, 385 households, and 269 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,080.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 462 housing units at an average density of {{convert|472.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 24.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 74.46% African American, 0.09% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.28% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.85% of the population.

There were 385 households, out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 35.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.36.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 38.5% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 18.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $14,844, and the median income for a family was $15,781. Males had a median income of $25,750 versus $14,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $7,219. About 47.3% of families and 45.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 55.9% of those under age 18 and 33.0% of those age 65 or over.

In 2010, Campti had the [[List of the poorest places in the United States|eighth-lowest median household income]] of all places in the United States with a population over 1,000.<ref>{{cite web|title=US Census|url=http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table|archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212210359/http://factfinder.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=ACS_12_5YR_DP03&prodType=table|url-status=dead|archive-date=February 12, 2020|accessdate=January 18, 2014}}</ref> The town of Campti is 75 percent [[African American]] in population.{{when|date=May 2019}}

