==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 296
| 1970 = 300
| 1980 = 393
| 1990 = 361
| 2000 = 400
| 2010 = 530
| 2020 = 411
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 420
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2018 Estimate<ref name="2018 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2018/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 8, 2018}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2010, there were 530 people, 197&nbsp;households, and 124&nbsp;families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|261.8|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|people|people|abbr=on}}. There were 173&nbsp;housing units at an average density of {{convert|113.2|/km2|/mi2|disp=preunit|units|units|abbr=on}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.80% [[white people|white]] and 1.30% of [[two or more races]].

There were 157 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 21.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65&nbsp;years of age or older. The median age was 31&nbsp;years. For every 100&nbsp;females there were 90.5&nbsp;males. For every 100&nbsp;females age&nbsp;18 and over, there were 96.5&nbsp;males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,917, and the median income for a family was $30,729. Males had a median income of $24,500 versus $18,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,958. About 13.7% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 32.4% of those under age&nbsp;18 and 3.6% of those age&nbsp;65 or over.

In modern times, Bellefonte first appeared in the US Census in 1970. It also appeared in 1880. This says nothing about when the community began; it merely identifies when it was recognized in the US Census.

