==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1880 = 136
| 1910 = 758
| 1920 = 755
| 1930 = 988
| 1940 = 1192
| 1950 = 1336
| 1960 = 1849
| 1970 = 2126
| 1980 = 2077
| 1990 = 1848
| 2000 = 1944
| 2010 = 1818
| 2020 = 1762
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,818 people, 711 households, and 499 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|301.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 750 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.9% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.1% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.3% of the population.

There were 711 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.8% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the village was 43.5 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.6% were from 45 to 64; and 22% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,944 people, 706 households, and 518 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 322.1 people per square mile (124.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 737 housing units at an average density of 122.1 per square mile (47.1/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 93.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.57% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.86% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.03% from two or more races. 0.93% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 706 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.5% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 21.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $48,850, and the median income for a family was $54,801. Males had a median income of $46,250 versus $26,106 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,750. About 5.5% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.3% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those age 65 or over.

