==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 1329
|1980= 1684
|1990= 1471
|2000= 1402
|2010= 1351
|2020= 1180
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,402 people, 588 households, and 402 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|848.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 612 housing units at an average density of {{convert|370.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.57% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.43% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.36% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.43% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.57% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.64% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 588 households. Out of these households, 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size had 2.38 people and the average family size had 2.87 people.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 26.5% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 23.3% from 45 to 64, and 15.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $31,875, and the median income for a family was $36,696. Males had a median income of $30,074 versus $27,109 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,123. About 16.1% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.2% of those under age 18 and 3.4% of those age 65 or over.

