==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 8
|1990= 19
|2000= 20
|2010= 15
|2020= 6
|estyear=2021
|estimate=7
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=Sources:<ref name="USDecennialCensus">{{cite web|title=Census of Population and Housing|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013}}</ref><ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref><ref name=CensusPopEst>{{cite web|title=Incorporated Places and Minor Civil Divisions Datasets: Subcounty Resident Population Estimates: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2012|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|work=Population Estimates|publisher=U.S. Census Bureau|access-date=11 December 2013|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20130611010502/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2012/SUB-EST2012.html|archive-date=11 June 2013|url-status=dead|df=dmy-all}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 15 people, 6 households, and 5 families residing within the borough. The population density was {{convert|30.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 30 housing units at an average density of {{convert|60.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100% White.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{cite web| url=http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4279644| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200212143149/http://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_DP/DPDP1/1600000US4279644| url-status=dead| archive-date=February 12, 2020| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Demographic Profile Data (DP-1): Valley-Hi borough, Pennsylvania| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau, American Factfinder| access-date=January 18, 2013}}</ref>

There were 6 households, 2 had children under the age of 18 living with them, 83.3% were headed by married couples living together, and 16.7% were non-families. 16.7% of households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.50, and the average family size was 2.80.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

The age distribution was 26.7% under age 18, 0% from 18 to 24, 46.6% from 25 to 44, 6.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% 65 or older. The median age was 38.5 years. For every 100 females there were 114.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 20 people, 7 households, and 4 families in the borough. The population density was {{convert|39.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|57.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the borough was 100.00% White.<ref name="GR2" />
There were 7 households, out of which none had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were married couples living together, and 28.6% were non-families. 28.6% of households were made up of individuals, and none had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.40.

The age distribution was 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 50.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% 65 or older. The median age was 56 years. For every 100 females there were 66.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.7 males.

The median household income was $28,750 and the median family income  was $16,250. Males had a median income of $0 versus $19,583 for females. The per capita income for the borough was $17,677. There are 33.3% of families living below the [[poverty line]] and 15.4% of the population, including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.

