==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 37
|1890= 232
|1900= 186
|1910= 195
|1920= 217
|1930= 324
|1940= 254
|1950= 245
|1960= 250
|1970= 235
|1980= 260
|1990= 249
|2000= 250
|2010= 297
|2020= 280
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 297 people, 117 households, and 86 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|594.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|244.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.0% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.7% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.3% of the population.

There were 117 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 26.5% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 36.9 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.7% were from 45 to 64; and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.5% male and 46.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 250 people, 106 households, and 78 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|505.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 112 housing units at an average density of {{convert|226.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 1.20% from two or more races.

There were 106 households, out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.82.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.4% under the age of 18, 14.0% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 25.6% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $34,167, and the median income for a family was $39,583. Males had a median income of $23,036 versus $22,426 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,924.  About 6.7% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 30.6% of those 65 or over.

