==Demographics==
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 885 people, 344 households, and 256 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 321.4 people per square mile (124.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 384 housing units at an average density of 139.4/sq&nbsp;mi (53.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.74% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.56% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.11% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.81% of the population.

There were 344 households, out of which 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.3% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 9.9% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $20,435, and the median income for a family was $21,630. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,671. About 19.3% of families and 24.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 35.1% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.

