==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|2010= 828
|2020= 785
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/decennial-publications.html|title=Decennial Census Official Publications|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=March 4, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the census of 2010, there were 828 people, 340 households, and 216 families residing in the CDP. There were 387 housing units, of which 47, or 12.1%, were vacant. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.3% [[White Americans|white]], 0.4% [[African American]], 0.2% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, 0.4% some other race, and 2.5% two or more races. 1.4% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="Census 2010 DP">{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3356420| title=Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (DP-1): North Walpole CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 12, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213131735/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/DEC/10_SF1/SF1DP1/1600000US3356420| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

Of the 340 households in the CDP, 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were headed by married couples living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.5% were non-families. 30.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44, and the average family size was 3.02.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

26.3% of residents in the CDP were under the age of 18, 7.0% were from age 18 to 24, 29.9% were from 25 to 44, 24.0% were from 45 to 64, and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.6 males.<ref name="Census 2010 DP"/>

For the period 2011–15, the estimated median annual income for a household was $71,739, and the median income for a family was $70,583. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $26,565. 8.9% of the population and 4.7% of families were below the poverty line, along with 9.1% of people under the age of 18 and 6.3% of people 65 or older.<ref>{{Cite web| url=https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3356420| title=Selected Economic Characteristics: 2011-2015 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates (DP03): North Walpole CDP, New Hampshire| publisher=U.S. Census Bureau| work=American Factfinder| accessdate=October 12, 2017| archive-url=https://archive.today/20200213104000/https://factfinder.census.gov/bkmk/table/1.0/en/ACS/15_5YR/DP03/1600000US3356420| archive-date=February 13, 2020| url-status=dead}}</ref>

