==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 140
|1930= 182
|1940= 141
|1950= 125
|1960= 113
|1970= 104
|1980= 87
|1990= 69
|2000= 80
|2010= 71
|2020= 81
|estyear=2021
|estimate=79
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2020-2021"/> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 71 people, 28 households, and 21 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1014.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 33 housing units at an average density of {{convert|471.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 88.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 8.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 18.3% of the population.

There were 28 households, of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.0% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.86.

The median age in the village was 37.8 years. 25.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 16.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.3% were from 45 to 64; and 14.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 56.3% male and 43.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 80 people, 31 households, and 23 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,056.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 37 housing units at an average density of {{convert|488.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 85.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 11.25% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.75% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 17.50% of the population.

There were 31 households, out of which 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.6% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.00.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 8.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $35,417, and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $27,250 versus $17,708 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,387. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

