==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 290
|1900= 392
|1910= 432
|1920= 439
|1930= 437
|1940= 454
|1950= 513
|1960= 613
|1970= 709
|1980= 614
|1990= 686
|2000= 634
|2010= 676
|2020= 545
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 676 people, 274 households, and 174 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2503.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 310 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1148.1|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.1% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.2% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.6% of the population.

There were 274 households, of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 36.5% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.07.

The median age in the town was 36 years. 29.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.7% were from 45 to 64; and 10.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.6% male and 52.4% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 634 people, 242 households, and 164 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|2,410.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 272 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,034.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.26% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.63% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.16% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.95% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.16% of the population.

There were 242 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.25.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.7% under the age of 18, 7.1% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 9.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 98.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,625, and the median income for a family was $37,083. Males had a median income of $28,472 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,528. About 14.0% of families and 16.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.

