==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1940= 87
|1950= 104
|1960= 129
|1970= 142
|1980= 85
|1990= 199
|2000= 357
|2010= 234
|2020= 254
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 357 people, 130 households, and 79 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|3,154.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,219.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 46.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.52% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.68% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 47.62% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.68% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 68.35% of the population.

There were 130 households, out of which 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.18.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 21.6% from 18 to 24, 32.5% from 25 to 44, 11.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 125.9 males.  For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 131.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $21,875, and the median income for a family was $24,722. Males had a median income of $21,563 versus $16,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,646.  About 16.7% of families and 23.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.2% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those aged 65 or over.-->
{{clear|left}}

