==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 895
|1880= 1253
|1890= 1487
|1900= 1397
|1910= 1474
|1920= 1431
|1930= 1367
|1940= 1473
|1950= 1407
|1960= 1393
|1970= 1442
|1980= 1598
|1990= 1486
|2000= 1529
|2010= 1220
|2020= 1161
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,220 people, 528 households, and 309 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|983.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 643 housing units at an average density of {{convert|518.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.1% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.1% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.7% of the population.

There were 528 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.77.

The median age in the city was 47.4 years. 19.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21% were from 25 to 44; 24.5% were from 45 to 64; and 28% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 43.8% male and 56.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,529 people, 603 households, and 364 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,228.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 682 housing units at an average density of {{convert|548.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 92.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.21% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.92% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.07% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.65% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 603 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.6% were non-families. 36.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 22.8% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 21.4% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 28.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $29,556, and the median income for a family was $36,917. Males had a median income of $27,813 versus $18,580 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,980. About 5.8% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.

