==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 222
|1920= 341
|1930= 279
|1940= 252
|1950= 205
|1960= 181
|1970= 147
|1980= 137
|1990= 104
|2000= 108
|2010= 90
|2020= 68
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2020 census===
The [[2020 United States census]] counted 68 people, 23 households, and 17 families in Isabel.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: HOUSEHOLD TYPE |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref name=:0 /> The population density was 272.0 per square mile (105.0/km{{sup|2}}). There were 38 housing units at an average density of 152.0 per square mile (58.7/km{{sup|2}}).<ref name=:0>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table DP1: PROFILE OF GENERAL POPULATION AND HOUSING CHARACTERISTICS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20dp1 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |publisher=United States Census Bureau |title=Gazetteer Files |url=https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/2020/geo/gazetter-file.html |access-date=2023-12-30 |website=Census.gov}}</ref> The racial makeup was 91.18% (62) [[White (U.S. Census)|white]] or [[European American]] (91.18% [[Non-Hispanic White|non-Hispanic white]]), 0.0% (0) [[African American (U.S. Census)|black]] or [[African American|African-American]], 0.0% (0) [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]], 0.0% (0) [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.0% (0) [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]], 2.94% (2) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.88% (4) from [[Multiracial Americans|two or more races]].<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P1: RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P1?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20p1&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race was 1.47% (1) of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table P2: HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20p2&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

Of the 23 households, 26.1% had children under the age of 18; 65.2% were married couples living together; 26.1% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 26.1% of households consisted of individuals and 8.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.<ref name=:0 /> The average household size was 2.0 and the average family size was 2.8.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1101: HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1101?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20s1101%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> The percent of those with a bachelor's degree or higher was estimated to be 1.5% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1501: EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1501?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20s1501%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

23.5% of the population was under the age of 18, 4.4% from 18 to 24, 19.1% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 29.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 142.9 males.<ref name=:0 /> For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 116.7 males.<ref name=:0 />

The 2016-2020 5-year [[American Community Survey]] estimates show that the median household income was $51,513 (with a margin of error of +/- $5,024) and the median family income was $66,250 (+/- $37,352).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1903: MEDIAN INCOME IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1903?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20s1903%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Males had a median income of $51,324 (+/- $6,738) versus $28,000 (+/- $24,938) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $50,000 (+/- $25,738).<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S2001: EARNINGS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS (IN 2020 INFLATION-ADJUSTED DOLLARS) |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S2001?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20s2001%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> Approximately, 12.1% of families and 6.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.6% of those under the age of 18 and 8.3% of those ages 65 or over.<ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1701: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1701?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20s1701%20&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><ref>{{Cite web |title=US Census Bureau, Table S1702: POVERTY STATUS IN THE PAST 12 MONTHS OF FAMILIES |url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST5Y2020.S1702?q=Isabel%20city,%20Kansas%20s1702&y=2020 |access-date=2024-01-03 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref>

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]] there were 90 people in 40 households, including 23 families, in the city. The population density was {{convert|360.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 47 housing units at an average density of {{convert|188.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makup]] of the city was 96.7% White, 2.2% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref>

Of the 40 households 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were married couples living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.5% were non-families. 37.5% of households were one person and 7.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age was 37.5 years. 21.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.3% were from 45 to 64; and 17.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 42.2% male and 57.8% female.

