==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1870= 128
|1880= 593
|1890= 844
|1900= 934
|1910= 1200
|1920= 1183
|1930= 1166
|1940= 1149
|1950= 1132
|1960= 1115
|1970= 1165
|1980= 1148
|1990= 1113
|2000= 1068
|2010= 1056
|2020= 997
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=July 26, 2013}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1750543 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 997 people, 439 households, and 315 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|963.29|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 446 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|430.92|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.10% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 4.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.71% of the population.

There were 439 households, out of which 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.31% were married couples living together, 10.25% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.25% were non-families. 25.28% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.16% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 2.56.

The village's age distribution consisted of 27.4% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $64,219, and the median income for a family was $77,847. Males had a median income of $50,078 versus $30,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $31,368. About 5.4% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.9% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.

