==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 40
|1910= 30
|1920= 100
|1930= 41
|1940= 87
|1950= 106
|1960= 179
|1970= 359
|1980= 607
|1990= 663
|2000= 773
|2010= 640
|2020= 646
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 773 people, 372 households, and 203 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|677.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 600 housing units at an average density of {{convert|526.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 94.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.13% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.55% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.39% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.13% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.68% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.94% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.56% of the population.

There were 372 households, out of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.4% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.08 and the average family size was 2.74.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.1% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 33.2% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $43,816, and the median income for a family was $55,268. Males had a median income of $34,000 versus $26,354 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,892.  About 4.3% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.1% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.
{{clear|left}}

