==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 151
|1960= 93
|1970= 104
|1980= 87
|1990= 91
|2000= 80
|2010= 124
|2020= 118
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015 }}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 124 people, 46 households, and 32 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|269.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 60 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.2% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 46 households, of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 30.4% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the village was 39 years. 33.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 to 44; 31.3% were from 45 to 64; and 8.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 80 people, 37 households, and 19 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|294.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 45 housing units at an average density of {{convert|165.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.50% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.25% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.25% from two or more races.

There were 37 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 48.6% were non-families. 40.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.95.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.0% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $18,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,620. There were no families and 8.4% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 11.8% of those over 64.

