==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 260
|1980= 303
|1990= 323
|2000= 362
|2010= 484
|2020= 583
|estyear=2024
|estimate=580
|estref=<ref>{{cite web |title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=9 August 2025}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 484 people living in the village. The racial makeup of the village was 86.0% White, 9.1% Black, 0.8% from some other race and 1.4% from two or more races. 2.7% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 362 people, 154 households, and 97 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|178.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|79.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.28% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.28% from two or more races.

There were 154 households, out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were married couples living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.0% were non-families. 33.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 24.6% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $22,500, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $26,731 versus $15,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $12,225. About 19.8% of families and 26.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.8% of those under age 18 and 38.0% of those age 65 or over.

{{St. Landry Parish, Louisiana}}

