==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 141
|1890= 115
|1900= 178
|1910= 162
|1920= 226
|1930= 235
|1940= 153
|1950= 172
|1960= 171
|1970= 186
|1980= 211
|1990= 324
|2000= 500
|2010= 565
|2020= 571
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 500 people, 181 households, and 148 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|220.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|86.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.60% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.60% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.20% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.20% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.60% of the population.

There were 181 households, out of which 53.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.05.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $46,563, and the median income for a family was $52,500. Males had a median income of $35,707 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,909. About 8.9% of families and 8.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.3% of those under age 18 and 15.6% of those age 65 or over.

