==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 40
|1930= 113
|1940= 89
|1950= 70
|1960= 79
|1970= 74
|1980= 88
|1990= 43
|2000= 62
|2010= 64
|2020= 73
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 64 people, 29 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|237.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 32 housing units at an average density of {{convert|118.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.4% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.7% of the population.

There were 29 households, of which 17.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.9% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the town was 45.8 years. 15.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.9% were from 25 to 44; 39% were from 45 to 64; and 15.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 62 people, 23 households, and 18 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|195.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 29 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 93.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 6.45% from two or more races.

There were 23 households, out of which 47.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.7% were non-families. 17.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.0% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 33.9% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 6.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $33,750 versus $14,500 for females. The per capita income for the town was $10,932.  None of the families and about 2.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]].

