==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2010= 228
|2020= 284
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade.html|title=Decennial Census by Decade|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=}}</ref><br>2010<ref name=2010CensusCA>{{Cite web|title= 2010 Census of Population - Population and Housing Unit Counts - California |url=https://www2.census.gov/library/publications/decennial/2010/cph-2/cph-2-6.pdf|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
}}

The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Valley Home had a population of 284. The population density was {{convert|247.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Valley Home was 221 (77.8%) [[White Americans|White]], 4 (1.4%) [[African Americans|African American]], 7 (2.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 3 (1.1%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0 (0.0%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 29 (10.2%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 20 (7.0%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 50 persons (17.6%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Valley Home CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0681792 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 17, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 94 households, out of which 20 (21.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 66 (70.2%) were married-couple households, 0 (0.0%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 19 (20.2%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 9 (9.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 16 households (17.0%) were one person, and 8 (8.5%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 3.02.<ref name=DP1/> There were 73 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (77.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Valley Home CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0681792 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=May 17, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 57 people (20.1%) under the age of 18, 16 people (5.6%) aged 18 to 24, 36 people (12.7%) aged 25 to 44, 100 people (35.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 75 people (26.4%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 50.3{{nbsp}}years.    For every 100 females, there were 125.4 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 105 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 94 (89.5%) were occupied. Of these, 61 (64.9%) were owner-occupied, and 33 (35.1%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

