==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|2000= 49
|2010= 52
|2020= 48
|estyear=2023
|estimate=50
|estref=<ref name="2023 est"/> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 52 people, 18 households, and 16 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|19.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 20 housing units at an average density of {{convert|7.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 18 households, of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 11.1% were non-families. 11.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.06.

The median age in the village was 34 years. 26.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 21.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.8% male and 46.2% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 49 people, 17 households, and 10 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|36.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 18 housing units at an average density of 13.6 per square mile (5.2/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 93.88% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.08% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 2.04% from two or more races.

There were 17 households, out of which 47.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.73.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 40.8% under the age of 18, 12.2% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 12.2% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 24 years. For every 100 females there were 75.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $29,063, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $27,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $10,065. There were no families and 6.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 60.0% of those over 64.

