==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 1303
| 2000n = <ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDPSF22000.DP1?t=Race%20and%20Ethnicity&g=160XX00US2865720&y=2000 |access-date=2025-01-07 |website=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref>
| 2010 = 1342
| 2010n = 
| 2020 = 1077
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census 2010–2020<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2020.P2?g=160XX00US2865720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|title=Explore Data|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Saucier racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2865720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=2021-12-16|website=data.census.gov|archive-date=2022-10-10|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20221010152208/https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2865720&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|url-status=live}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|958
|88.95%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|9
|0.84%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|6
|0.56%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|4
|0.37%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|65
|6.04%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|35
|3.25%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,077 people,<ref name=":1" /> 429 households, and 292 families residing in the CDP. The population was 1,342 at the 2010 census.<ref name="Census 2010" />

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]],<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |title=U.S. Census website |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDPSF22000.DP1?t=Race%20and%20Ethnicity&g=160XX00US2865720&y=2000 |archive-url= |archive-date= |accessdate=January 6, 2025 |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref> there were 1,303 people, 478 households, and 367 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|186.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 507 housing units at an average density of {{convert|72.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.47% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.69% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.15% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.23% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.15% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.15% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.38% of the population.

There were 478 households, out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 16.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.5% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.0 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $37,000, and the median income for a family was $44,167. Males had a median income of $30,099 versus $26,875 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $15,164. About 21.5% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.2% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

