==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 2000 = 1595
| 2010 = 963
| 2020 = 905
}}
The [[2020 United States census]] reported that Rough and Ready had a population of 905. The population density was {{convert|285.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of Rough and Ready was 761 (84.1%) [[White Americans|White]], 6 (0.7%) [[African Americans|African American]], 14 (1.5%) [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 13 (1.4%) [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 1 (0.1%) [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 33 (3.6%) from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 77 (8.5%) from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] of any race were 67 persons (7.4%).<ref name=DP1>{{cite web |title=Rough and Ready CDP, California; DP1: Profile of General Population and Housing Characteristics - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDP2020.DP1?g=1600000US0663106 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The whole population lived in households. There were 399 households, out of which 79 (19.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 172 (43.1%) were married-couple households, 47 (11.8%) were [[cohabitation|cohabiting]] couple households, 85 (21.3%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 95 (23.8%) had a male householder with no partner present. 111 households (27.8%) were one person, and 52 (13.0%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.27.<ref name=DP1/> There were 246 [[family (U.S. Census)|families]] (61.7% of all households).<ref>{{cite web |title=Rough and Ready CDP, California; P16: Household Type - 2020 Census of Population and Housing |url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALDHC2020.P16?g=1600000US0663106 |website=US Census Bureau |access-date=June 1, 2025}}</ref>

The age distribution was 108 people (11.9%) under the age of 18, 66 people (7.3%) aged 18 to 24, 209 people (23.1%) aged 25 to 44, 260 people (28.7%) aged 45 to 64, and 262 people (29.0%) who were 65{{nbsp}}years of age or older. The median age was 53.2{{nbsp}}years. For every 100 females, there were 97.2 males.<ref name=DP1/>

There were 457 housing units at an average density of {{convert|144.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}, of which 399 (87.3%) were occupied. Of these, 295 (73.9%) were owner-occupied, and 104 (26.1%) were occupied by renters.<ref name=DP1/>

