==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 300
|1900= 276
|1910= 316
|1920= 381
|1930= 329
|1940= 334
|1950= 285
|1960= 277
|1970= 294
|1980= 285
|1990= 228
|2000= 234
|2010= 164
|2020= 167
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 164 people, 74 households, and 48 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|298.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 94 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.7% of the population.

There were 74 households, of which 24.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.1% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.67.

The median age in the city was 45.5 years. 18.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.4% were from 45 to 64; and 23.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.0% male and 53.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 234 people, 98 households, and 68 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|429.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.43% of the population.

There were 98 households, out of which 25.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.6% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the city the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 4.7% from 18 to 24, 22.2% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.8 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $22,639, and the median income for a family was $42,679. Males had a median income of $26,667 versus $16,458 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,208. About 6.8% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 12.7% of those 65 or over.

