==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 350
|1890= 487
|1900= 624
|1910= 550
|1920= 464
|1930= 407
|1940= 408
|1950= 368
|1960= 320
|1970= 292
|1980= 307
|1990= 271
|2000= 297
|2010= 276
|2020= 247
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 297 people, 123 households, and 84 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|813.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 140 housing units at an average density of {{convert|383.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.98% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.34% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.35% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.67% of the population.

There were 123 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.7% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 26.9% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 30.6% from 25 to 44, 19.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $33,906. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $17,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,263. About 15.1% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.1% of those 65 or over.

