==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 86
|1900= 466
|1910= 633
|1920= 681
|1930= 709
|1940= 786
|1950= 735
|1960= 744
|1970= 665
|1980= 693
|1990= 782
|2000= 735
|2010= 790
|2020= 839
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 790 people, 326 households, and 196 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|745.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 366 housing units at an average density of {{convert|345.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 95.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.8% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.8% of the population.

There were 326 households, of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.9% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the city was 37.8 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 17.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 735 people, 318 households, and 181 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,052.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 337 housing units at an average density of {{convert|482.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 98.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.14% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.95% of the population.

There were 318 households, out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.8% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 25.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 22.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 72.6 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $26,250, and the median income for a family was $48,393. Males had a median income of $35,208 versus $24,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,493. About 10.9% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 18.0% of those under age 18 and 17.3% of those age 65 or over.

