==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 624
|1890= 675
|1900= 568
|1910= 467
|1920= 342
|1930= 242
|1940= 380
|1950= 323
|1960= 194
|1970= 149
|1980= 192
|1990= 142
|2000= 130
|2010= 190
|2020= 219
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 190 people, 102 households, and 55 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|200.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 171 housing units at an average density of {{convert|180.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 7.4% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.6% of the population.

There were 102 households, of which 17.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.1% were non-families. 42.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.86 and the average family size was 2.49.

The median age in the town was 51.3 years. 15.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.1% were from 25 to 44; 39.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.5% male and 50.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 130 people, 72 households, and 32 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|140.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 122 housing units at an average density of {{convert|131.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.62% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.31% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.77% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.77% of the population.

There were 72 households, out of which 18.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.2% were non-families. 47.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.81 and the average family size was 2.52.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.6% under the age of 18, 0.8% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 46.9% from 45 to 64, and 13.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,000, and the median income for a family was $46,250. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $19,167 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $19,182. There are 5.7% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including those under eighteens and over 64.

