==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1990 = 908
| 2000 = 1017
| 2010 = 953
| 2020 = 1027
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,017 people, 323 households, and 215 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was {{convert|4.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|}}. There were 371 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 17.80% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 75.02% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.59% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.06% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 9.05% of the population.

There were 323 households, out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.4% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.31.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 40.5% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 22.8% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25 years. For every 100 females, there were 138.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.8 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,214, and the median income for a family was $28,846. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $27,917 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,869. About 27.7% of families and 32.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 41.0% of those under age 18 and 34.5% of those age 65 or over.

