==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|2000= 1034
|2010= 937
|2020= 826
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}
As per the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,034 people, 401 households, and 271 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|732.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 451 housing units with an average density of {{convert|319.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.58% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.48% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.19% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.74% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.45% of the population.

There were 401 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.6% were married couples living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.4% were non-families. 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.13.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 28.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 28.3% from 25 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 14.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,458, and the median income for a family was $29,861. Males had a median income of $26,458 versus $25,972 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,501. About 20.8% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.8% of those under age 18 and 15.5% of those age 65 or over.

