==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 131
|1910= 187
|1920= 332
|1930= 338
|1940= 313
|1950= 273
|1960= 271
|1970= 271
|1980= 256
|1990= 268
|2000= 245
|2010= 261
|2020= 207
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===

{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Pachuta racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2854960&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 21, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (NH = Non-Hispanic){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|120
|57.97%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|76
|36.71%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.48%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|7
|3.38%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|3
|1.45%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''207'''
|
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 207 people, 78 households, and 43 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 245 people, 106 households, and 71 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|107.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|55.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 66.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 33.06% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.82% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]].

There were 106 households, out of which 24.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 26.9% from 25 to 44, 24.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 71.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,938, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,181. About 20.0% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 34.5% of those under the age of eighteen and 5.0% of those 65 or over.

