==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 137
|1890= 270
|1900= 438
|1910= 1118
|1920= 1466
|1930= 1057
|1940= 1103
|1950= 1120
|1960= 1076
|1970= 1096
|1980= 1184
|1990= 1006
|2000= 960
|2010= 932
|2020= 837
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]]<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/profile?g=1600000US1772949 |access-date=June 28, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref> there were 837 people, 317 households, and 181 families residing in the village. The population density was {{Convert|1,831.51|PD/sqmi|PD/km2}}. There were 395 housing units at an average density of {{Convert|864.33|/sqmi|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.12% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.12% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.12% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.24% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.26% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.43% of the population.

There were 317 households, out of which 22.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.96% were married couples living together, 11.04% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.90% were non-families. 38.49% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.98% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 2.12.

The village's age distribution consisted of 18.9% under the age of 18, 4.2% from 18 to 24, 28.2% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.4 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $56,094, and the median income for a family was $74,531. Males had a median income of $48,750 versus $37,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $30,187. About 12.2% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.0% of those under age 18 and 17.4% of those age 65 or over.

