==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 574
|1930= 716
|1940= 746
|1950= 1014
|1960= 1156
|1970= 948
|1980= 973
|1990= 1007
|2000= 1000
|2010= 970
|2020= 866
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,000 people, 464 households, and 302 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was 1,023.2 people per square mile (394.0/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 496 housing units at an average density of 507.5 per square mile (195.4/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the town was 95.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.60% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.50% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.10% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.30% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 464 households, out of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 19.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.8 males. For every 100 females aged 18 and over, there were 81.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,833, and the median income for a family was $39,125. Males had a median income of $31,563 versus $25,313 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,735. About 15.1% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.4% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.{{Citation needed|date=June 2025}}

