==Demographics==

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Loraine racial composition'''<ref>{{Cite web |title=Explore Census Data |url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4843996&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2 |access-date=May 20, 2022 |website=data.census.gov}}</ref><br /> (''NH = Non-Hispanic''){{efn|Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.<ref>https://www.census.gov/ {{nonspecific|date=August 2022}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=About the Hispanic Population and its Origin |url=https://www.census.gov/topics/population/hispanic-origin/about.html |website=www.census.gov |access-date=May 18, 2022}}</ref>}}
!Race
!Number
!Percentage
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|200
|39.68%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|26
|5.16%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|1
|0.2%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] (NH)
|1
|0.2%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Mixed/Multi-Racial]] (NH)
|24
|4.76%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]]
|252
|50.0%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''504'''
|
|}
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 504 people, 153 households, and 104 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1910= 633
|1920= 610
|1930= 750
|1940= 700
|1950= 1045
|1960= 837
|1970= 700
|1980= 929
|1990= 731
|2000= 656
|2010= 602
|2020= 504
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 656 people, 250 households, and 160 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|623.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 320 housing units at an average density of {{convert|304.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 61.43% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.25% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.22% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 27.59% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 3.51% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 46.04% of the population.

There were 250 households, out of which 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.26.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.0% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $20,852, and the median income for a family was $26,944. Males had a median income of $22,381 versus $14,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,540. About 22.6% of families and 28.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 38.7% of those under age 18 and 22.5% of those age 65 or over.

