==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 582
|1890= 656
|1900= 723
|1910= 794
|1920= 726
|1930= 781
|1940= 826
|1950= 1035
|1960= 1530
|1970= 1641
|1980= 1468
|1990= 1243
|2000= 1329
|2010= 1139
|2020= 1300
|estyear=2022
|estimate=1629
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref> {{increase}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 1,139 people, 641 households, and 380 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|671.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 753 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.5|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.18% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 26.79% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.38% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.38% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.08% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 641 households, out of which 21.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 20.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07 and the average family size was 2.71.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 20.2% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 25.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 77.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.2 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $33,063, and the median income for a family was $39,625. Males had a median income of $30,556 versus $17,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $20,546. About 6.4% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.8% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over.

