==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 98
|1890= 193
|1900= 302
|1910= 358
|1920= 346
|1930= 274
|1940= 247
|1950= 193
|1960= 171
|1970= 173
|1980= 165
|1990= 135
|2000= 122
|2010= 136
|2020= 102
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}
Soldier is part of the [[Topeka, Kansas]] [[Topeka metropolitan area|Metropolitan Statistical Area]].

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 136 people, 48 households, and 33 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|906.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|373.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the city was 93.4% White, 3.7% Native American, 0.7% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.3% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.52.

The median age in the city was 33.5 years. 39% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 21.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 55.1% male and 44.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 122 people, 45 households, and 31 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|800.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 58 housing units at an average density of {{convert|380.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 81.15% White, 15.57% Native American, and 3.28% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.56% of the population.

There were 45 households, out of which 37.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.2% were married couples living together, 17.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 31.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 32.0% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 17.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,750, and the median income for a family was $46,000. Males had a median income of $25,417 versus $23,750 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,768. There were 11.5% of families and 21.2% of the population living below the poverty line, including 23.1% of under eighteens and 42.9% of those over 64.

===Religion===
One church is located in Soldier: Soldier Christian Church

