==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1900= 192
|1910= 362
|1920= 597
|1930= 546
|1940= 588
|1950= 584
|1960= 614
|1970= 723
|1980= 903
|1990= 731
|2000= 863
|2010= 797
|2020= 631
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Wagener racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US4574050&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 14, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
|226
|35.82%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
|368
|58.32%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|3
|0.48%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|1
|0.16%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]]
|1
|0.16%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|25
|3.96%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|7
|1.11%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 631 people, 320 households, and 261 families residing in the town.

===2012===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2012, there were 809 people, 368 (45.5%) males, and 441 (54.5%) females. Median resident age was 38.4

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 863 people, 347 households, and 239 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|685.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 424 housing units at an average density of {{convert|336.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 61.53% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 37.54% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.35% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 347 households, out of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were married couples living together, 26.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.1% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.04.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 28.2% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,773, and the median income for a family was $29,833. Males had a median income of $28,182 versus $17,212 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,805. About 15.2% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 18.4% of those age 65 or over

