==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1810= 303
|1820= 433
|1830= 698
|1840= 1032
|1850= 1179
|1860= 1477
|1870= 2655
|1880= 3026
|1890= 3946
|1900= 4216
|1910= 4145
|1920= 3996
|1930= 4804
|1940= 5304
|1950= 5651
|1960= 6088
|1970= 6828
|1980= 6300
|1990= 6358
|2000= 6395
|2010= 6187
|2020= 6105
|footnote=<ref>{{cite web |title=Census 2020|url=https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/bellefonteboroughpennsylvania/PST045219}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A42|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=Oct 12, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[2010 United States Census|2010 census]], the borough had 6,187 people, 2,837 households, and 1,496 families. The borough was 96.3% White, 1.5% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 0.3% other, and 1.3% were two or more races. 1.4% of the population was of Hispanic or Latino ancestry. The population density was {{convert|3,510.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 3,038 housing units at an average density of {{convert|1,669.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.<ref>{{Cite web |url=https://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |title=Census 2010: Pennsylvania |website=[[USA Today]] |access-date=2017-08-24 |archive-date=2012-02-15 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20120215053518/http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/profile/PA |url-status=dead }}</ref>

Of the 2,837 households, 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.2% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.81.

The population distribution by age was as follows: 18.4% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $48,211, and the median income for a family was $62,292. The [[per capita income]] for the borough was $26,938. About 4.4% of families and 10.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 3.8% of those under age 18 and 11.0% of those age 65 or over.

