==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 231
|1930= 198
|1940= 143
|1950= 165
|1960= 142
|1970= 107
|1980= 109
|1990= 90
|2000= 66
|2010= 61
|2020= 57
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 61 people, 28 households, and 18 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|190.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 36 housing units at an average density of {{convert|112.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 28 households, of which 32.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 28.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.78.

The median age in the village was 41.8 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 19.6% were from 45 to 64; and 27.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 66 people, 29 households, and 18 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|205.8|/sqmi|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people|abbr=out}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|124.7|/sqmi|/km2|abbr=out}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.97% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.52% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.52% of the population.

There were 29 households, out of which 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.9% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 27.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.06.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.7% under the age of 18, 4.5% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 24.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 78.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 59.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $11,250, and the median income for a family was $4,821. Males had a median income of $71,250 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $13,067. There were 53.8% of families and 35.3% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 50.0% of those over 64.

