==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1930= 143
|1940= 135
|1950= 121
|1960= 111
|1970= 116
|1980= 117
|1990= 115
|2000= 93
|2010= 104
|2020= 93
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=February 15, 2023}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 104 people, 39 households, and 26 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|216.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 44 housing units at an average density of {{convert|91.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 96.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 1.9% from two or more races.

There were 39 households, of which 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.31.

The median age in the village was 29.4 years. 33.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 33.6% were from 25 to 44; 19.2% were from 45 to 64; and 5.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 49.0% male and 51.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 93 people, 38 households, and 25 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 195.6 people per square mile (74.8/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 41 housing units at an average density of 86.2 per square mile (33.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 97.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.08% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.2% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.9 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $21,250, and the median income for a family was $28,750. Males had a median income of $21,563 versus $18,281 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $11,791. There were 12.5% of families and 17.5% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 21.2% of under eighteens and 18.2% of those over 64.

