==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 99
|1900= 113
|1910= 122
|1920= 76
|1930= 191
|1940= 237
|1950= 333
|1960= 471
|1970= 437
|1980= 469
|1990= 420
|2000= 386
|2010= 344
|2020= 332
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 344 people, 117 households, and 77 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1075.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 133 housing units at an average density of {{convert|415.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 89.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.5% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 4.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.9% of the population.

There were 117 households, of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.70.

The median age in the town was 58.4 years. 15.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.5% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 40.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 42.4% male and 57.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 386 people, 132 households, and 86 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,216.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 137 housing units at an average density of {{convert|431.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.82% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.85% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.55% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.26% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races.

There were 132 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.8% were non-families. 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.12 and the average family size was 2.55.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.9% under the age of 18, 3.1% from 18 to 24, 16.1% from 25 to 44, 29.8% from 45 to 64, and 39.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 57 years. For every 100 females, there were 70.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 67.5 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $45,781, and the median income for a family was $51,500. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $24,705. About 7.8% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 31.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.

