==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 173
|1930= 187
|1940= 212
|1950= 216
|1960= 211
|1970= 157
|1980= 216
|1990= 174
|2000= 204
|2010= 232
|2020= 206
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 232 people, 94 households, and 62 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|859.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 114 housing units at an average density of {{convert|422.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.9% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.6% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 94 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.0% were non-families. 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.00.

The median age in the town was 43.3 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 30.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 204 people, 80 households, and 58 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|800.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 100 housing units at an average density of {{convert|392.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 82.84% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 9.80% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 5.88% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.47% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.86% of the population.

There were 80 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.5% were non-families. 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.9% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 21.6% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 women age 18 and over, there were 116.7 men.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,063, and the median income for a family was $19,844. Males had a median income of $19,886 versus $13,958 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $10,017. About 28.6% of families and 26.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 50.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.

