==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=
|1960= 188
|1970= 224
|1980= 293
|1990= 384
|2000= 276
|2010= 297
|2020= 300
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 297 people, 129 households, and 81 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|357.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.0% of the population.

There were 129 households, of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.2% were non-families. 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.80.

The median age in the village was 45.2 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 36.1% were from 45 to 64; and 14.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 53.2% male and 46.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 276 people, 115 households, and 77 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|337.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 126 housing units at an average density of {{convert|153.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 93.12% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.72% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 3.99% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 2.17% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 115 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.1% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 27.9% from 45 to 64, and 12.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $42,083, and the median income for a family was $51,250. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $21,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $22,639. About 7.2% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 8.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 19.4% of those 65 or over.

