==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1960= 125
|1970= 229
|1980= 354
|1990= 182
|2000= 249
|2010= 254
|2020= 236
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref><br>2013 Estimate<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|title=Annual Estimates of the Resident Population: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2013|accessdate=June 3, 2014|archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140522161634/http://www.census.gov/popest/data/cities/totals/2013/SUB-EST2013-3.html|archive-date=May 22, 2014|url-status=dead}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 249 people, 119 households, and 69 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|273.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 138 housing units at an average density of {{convert|151.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.35% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 9.24% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.01% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. 3.21% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 119 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.2% were non-families. 39.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.09 and the average family size was 2.73.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.9% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 30.1% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,375, and the median income for a family was $35,833. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $15,893 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $14,325. About 11.3% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 22.4% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.8% of those 65 or over.

