==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 593
|1930= 791
|1940= 579
|1950= 467
|1960= 311
|1970= 386
|1980= 356
|1990= 278
|2000= 277
|2010= 294
|2020= 267
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 6, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 294 people, 145 households, and 76 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|544.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 151 housing units at an average density of {{convert|279.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 145 households, of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 45.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.03 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the village was 49.5 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.6% were from 25 to 44; 30.6% were from 45 to 64; and 25.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 277 people, 140 households, and 75 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|521.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.83% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.36% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 1.81% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.36% of the population.

There were 140 households, out of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 46.4% were non-families. 44.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 22.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.98 and the average family size was 2.75.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 17.7% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 26.4% from 25 to 44, 27.1% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.4 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $25,179, and the median income for a family was $36,875. Males had a median income of $32,813 versus $17,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,967. About 5.9% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 2.6% of those 65 or over.

