==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1950= 228
|1960= 164
|1970= 747
|1980= 727
|1990= 656
|2000= 646
|2010= 1198
|2020= 1057
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-06-24}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,198 people, 436 households, and 290 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|2260.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 465 housing units at an average density of {{convert|877.4|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 74.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 4.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 17.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.8% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 42.2% of the population.

There were 436 households, of which 41.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.5% were non-families. 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.27.

The median age in the city was 28.4 years. 34.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 11.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 21.5% were from 45 to 64; and 9.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.9% male and 53.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 646 people, 246 households, and 150 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|1,521.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 271 housing units at an average density of {{convert|638.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 73.22% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 6.81% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 17.18% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 44.12% of the population.

There were 246 households, out of which 42.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 19.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.39.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 36.7% under the age of 18, 11.1% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 13.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.5 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $16,536, and the median income for a family was $19,583. Males had a median income of $20,192 versus $13,393 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,550. About 44.2% of families and 41.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 46.7% of those under age 18 and 26.7% of those age 65 or over.

