==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 60
|1920= 100
|1930= 59
|1940= 113
|1950= 151
|1960= 194
|1970= 204
|1980= 200
|1990= 159
|2000= 278
|2010= 213
|2020= 233
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 278 people, 109 households, and 80 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|157.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 116 housing units at an average density of {{convert|65.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 91.73% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.91% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.36% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.52% of the population.

There were 109 households, out of which 34.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 23.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.1% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 28.4% from 25 to 44, 27.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,000, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $29,500 versus $16,042 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,701.  About 16.0% of families and 15.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 14.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 38.7% of those 65 or over.

