==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 149
|1890= 178
|1900= 475
|1910= 905
|1920= 818
|1930= 851
|1940= 819
|1950= 703
|1960= 789
|1970= 1003
|1980= 1378
|1990= 1387
|2000= 1310
|2010= 1279
|2020= 1118
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+Como Racial Composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US2815500&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 7, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!Race
!Num.
!Perc.
|-
|[[White (U.S. Census)|White]]
|306
|27.37%
|-
|[[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]]
|777
|69.5%
|-
|[[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]
|2
|0.18%
|-
|[[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
|3
|0.27%
|-
|[[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
|21
|1.88%
|-
|[[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
|9
|0.81%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,118 people, 590 households, and 284 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,310 people, 461 households, and 352 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|692.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 506 housing units at an average density of {{convert|267.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 71.83% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 26.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.08% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.61% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.69% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.15% of the population.

There were 461 households, out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 31.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.6% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.30.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 9.8% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $22,344, and the median income for a family was $25,000. Males had a median income of $28,333 versus $18,977 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,278. About 31.3% of families and 37.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 57.2% of those under age 18 and 29.6% of those age 65 or over.

