==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1970= 100
|1980= 88
|1990= 183
|2000= 186
|2010= 184
|2020= 210
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 and 2020 census===
{| class="wikitable"
|+'''Layton racial composition'''<br> (Hispanics excluded from racial categories)<br> (''NH = Non-Hispanic'')<br>
!Race
!Pop 2010<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Layton city, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Layton+city;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2010.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!Pop 2020<ref>{{Cite web|title=P2 HISPANIC OR LATINO, AND NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO BY RACE - 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) - Layton city, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Layton+city;+Florida+&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>
!% 2010
!% 2020
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] (NH)
|158
|165
|85.87%
|78.57%
|-
|[[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] (NH)
|4
|2
|2.17%
|0.95%
|-
|[[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] (NH)
|3
|0
|1.63%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Asian Americans|Asian]] (NH)
|4
|0
|2.17%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] or [[Native Hawaiian]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Other races (U.S. Census)|Some other race]] (NH)
|0
|0
|0.00%
|0.00%
|-
|[[Multiracial Americans|Two or more races/Multiracial]] (NH)
|2
|2
|1.09%
|0.95%
|-
|[[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
|13
|41
|7.07%
|19.52%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''184'''
|'''210'''
|
|
|-
|}

As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 210 people, 55 households, and 28 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2020: Layton city, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Layton+city;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2020.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 184 people, 76 households, and 47 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=S1101 HOUSEHOLDS AND FAMILIES - 2010: Layton city, Florida|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Layton+city;+Florida+&tid=ACSST5Y2010.S1101|website=[[United States Census Bureau]]}}</ref>

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 186 people, 84 households, and 50 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|860.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 165 housing units at an average density of {{convert|762.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 98.92% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.54% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]] and 0.54% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.15% of the population.

In 2000, there were 84 households, out of which 15.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.3% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.61.

In 2000, in the city, the population was spread out, with 11.3% under the age of 18, 7.5% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 39.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 51 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.8 males.

In 2000, the median income for a household in the city was $53,750, and the median income for a family was $73,750. Males had a median income of $29,896 versus $23,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,773.  About 11.7% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen and 21.4% of those 65 or over.

===Languages===
As of 2000, [[English language|English]] as a [[first language]] accounted for 90.68%, while [[Spanish language|Spanish]] as a [[mother tongue]] made up 9.31% of the population.<ref>[http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=12&county_id=&mode=&zip=&place_id=39725&cty_id=&ll=&a=&ea=&order=r Modern Language Association Data Center Results of Layton, Florida]</ref>

