==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 122
|1990= 112
|2000= 125
|2010= 133
|2020= 88
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=June 23, 2016}}</ref><br>2017 Estimate<ref name="2017 Pop Estimate">{{cite web|title=Population Estimates|url=https://census.gov/data/tables/2017/demo/popest/total-cities-and-towns.html|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=March 22, 2019}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 133 people, 48 households, and 34 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|554.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|212.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 4.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 3.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.0% of the population.

There were 48 households, of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.2% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the town was 40.5 years. 29.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.4% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 7.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 57.9% male and 42.1% female.

===2000 census===
At the 2000 [[census]],<ref name="GR2" /> there were 125 people, 48 households and 37 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|479.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 52 housing units at an average density of {{convert|199.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 48 households, of which 39.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.9% were non-families. 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.05.

The age distribution was 29.6% under the age of 18, 4.8% from 18 to 24, 34.4% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 11.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.3 males.

The [[median household income]] was $37,292, and the median family income was $40,625. Males had a median income of $25,313 versus $23,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,541. There were no families and 2.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 5.0% of those over 64.

