==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 235
|1890= 276
|1900= 636
|1910= 544
|1920= 530
|1930= 532
|1940= 544
|1950= 668
|1960= 694
|1970= 713
|1980= 687
|1990= 623
|2000= 652
|2010= 661
|2020= 583
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-11-13}}</ref> of 2010, there were 661 people, 268 households, and 188 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|617.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 292 housing units at an average density of {{convert|272.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.5% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 1.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 0.9% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.9% of the population.

There were 268 households, of which 34.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the city was 39.9 years. 26% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 25% were from 45 to 64; and 17.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.1% male and 51.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 652 people, 272 households, and 187 families living in the city.  The population density was {{convert|680.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 295 housing units at an average density of {{convert|307.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 97.70% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.92% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.15% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.07% of the population.

There were 272 households, out of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 29.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.91.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.8% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 28.8% from 25 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.9% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.0 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $40,000, and the median income for a family was $42,250. Males had a median income of $32,125 versus $20,909 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $17,689.  About 3.7% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.3% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

