==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
| 1970 = 202
| 1980 = 322
| 1990 = 271
| 2000 = 303
| 2010 = 311
| 2020 = 335
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Gary City, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Gary%20City%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 27, 2024}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 303 people, 114 households, and 82 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|159.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 131 housing units at an average density of {{convert|69.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.68% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.33% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.33% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.33% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.33% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.32% of the population.

There were 114 households, out of which 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.23.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 31.0% under the age of 18, 6.6% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 18.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $24,219, and the median income for a family was $34,531. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $13,125 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,151. About 14.1% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 27.1% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those 65 or over.

