==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 133
|1970= 129
|1980= 94
|1990= 101
|2000= 100
|2010= 112
|2020= 121
|estyear=2024
|estimate=160
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

According to realtor website [[Zillow]], the average price of a home as of May 31, 2025, in Medora is $314,495.<ref>{{Cite web|title=Medora, ND Housing Market |url=https://www.zillow.com/home-values/19299/medora-nd/ |publisher=[[Zillow]] |access-date=August 9, 2025 |language=en}}</ref>

As of the 2023 [[American Community Survey]], there are 71 estimated households in Medora with an average of 1.82 persons per household. The city has a median household income of $68,906. Approximately 10.7% of the city's population lives at or below the [[Poverty in the United States|poverty line]]. Medora has an estimated 63.6% employment rate, with 28.2% of the population holding a bachelor's degree or higher and 100.0% holding a high school diploma.

The top five reported ancestries (people were allowed to report up to two ancestries, thus the figures will generally add to more than 100%) were English (100.0%), Spanish (0.0%), Indo-European (0.0%), Asian and Pacific Islander (0.0%), and Other (0.0%).

The median age in the city was 54.0 years.

{| class="wikitable"
|+<big>Medora, North Dakota – racial and ethnic composition</big><br><small>{{nobold|''Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos may be of any race.''}}</small>
! Race / ethnicity <small>(''NH = non-Hispanic'')</small>
! Pop. 2000<ref name=2000CensusP004>{{Cite web|title=P004: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2000: DEC Summary File 1 – Medora city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALSF12000.P004?g=160XX00US3851900|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
! Pop. 2010<ref name=2010CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2010: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Medora city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/table/DECENNIALPL2010.P2?g=160XX00US3851900&q=p2|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
! {{partial|Pop. 2020}}<ref name=2020CensusP2>{{Cite web|title=P2: Hispanic or Latino, and Not Hispanic or Latino by Race – 2020: DEC Redistricting Data (PL 94-171) – Medora city, North Dakota|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=p2&g=160XX00US3851900&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=August 9, 2025}}</ref>
! % 2000
! % 2010
! {{partial|% 2020}}
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino whites|White]] alone (NH)
| 99
| 105
| style='background: #ffffe6; |107
| 99.00%
| 93.75%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |88.43%
|-
| [[Non-Hispanic or Latino African Americans|Black or African American]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0
| style='background: #ffffe6; |2
| 0.00%
| 0.00%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |1.65%
|-
| [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]] or [[Alaska Native]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 2
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0
| 0.00%
| 1.79%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Asian Americans|Asian]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 4
| style='background: #ffffe6; |2
| 0.00%
| 3.57%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |1.65%
|-
| [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0
| 0.00%
| 0.00%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|Other race]] alone (NH)
| 0
| 0
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0
| 0.00%
| 0.00%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |0.00%
|-
| [[Multiracial Americans|Mixed race or multiracial]] (NH)
| 0
| 1
| style='background: #ffffe6; |4
| 0.00%
| 0.89%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |3.31%
|-
| [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] (any race)
| 1
| 0
| style='background: #ffffe6; |6
| 1.00%
| 0.00%
| style='background: #ffffe6; |4.96%
|-
|'''Total'''
|'''100'''
|'''112'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''121'''
|'''100.00%'''
|'''100.00%'''
|style='background: #ffffe6; |'''100.00%'''
|}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]], there were 121 people, 62 households, 36 families residing in the city.<ref>{{Cite web|title=US Census Bureau, Table P16: Household Type |url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=Medora%20city,%20North%20Dakota%20p16&y=2020 |access-date=August 9, 2025 |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> The [[population density]] was {{convert|307.89|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|274.81|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 90.08% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.65% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.83% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 1.65% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 5.79% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 4.96% of the population.<ref>{{Cite web|title=How many people live in Medora city, North Dakota |url=https://data.usatoday.com/census/total-population/total-population-change/medora-city-north-dakota/160-3851900/ |access-date=August 9, 2025 |publisher=USA Today}}</ref>

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 112 people, 56 households, and 27 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|311.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 102 housing units at an average density of {{convert|283.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.75% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.79% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 3.57% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 0.89% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 0.00% of the population.

There were 56 households 10.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 1.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 51.8% were non-families. 46.4% of households were one person and 16.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.84 and the average family size was 2.63.

The median age was 45.3 years. 11.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.8% were from 25 to 44; 32.1% were from 45 to 64; and 18.8% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 100 people, 51 households, and 23 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|271.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 117 housing units at an average density of {{convert|317.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.00% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.00% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.00% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.00% [[Race (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.00% from some other races and 0.00% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] people of any race were 1.00% of the population.

There were 51 households 21.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.4% were married couples living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 54.9% were non-families. 51.0% of households were one person and 11.8% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 3.00.

The age distribution was 26.0% under the age of 18, 4.0% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 26.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% 65 or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.7 males.

The median household income was $31,563 and the median family income was $61,250. Males had a median income of $26,042 versus $21,094 for females. The per capita income for the city was $23,399. There were no families and 4.8% of the population living below the [[Poverty threshold|poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 15.0% of those over 64.

