==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1990= 274
|2000= 348
|2010= 336
|2020= 363
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 348 people, 100 households, and 79 families residing in the CDP. The population density was {{convert|92.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 108 housing units at an average density of {{convert|28.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.15% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 98.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 0.29% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 11.78% of the population.

There were 100 households, out of which 52.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 33.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.0% were non-families. 20.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.48 and the average family size was 3.89.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 43.1% under the age of 18, 10.6% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 17.5% from 45 to 64, and 5.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.6 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $15,625, and the median income for a family was $15,625. Males had a median income of $15,625 versus $12,159 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $6,603. About 45.7% of families and 56.2% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 68.8% of those under age 18 and 53.3% of those age 65 or over.

