==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align = left
|1920= 297
|1930= 221
|1940= 146
|1950= 201
|1960= 181
|1970= 156
|1980= 200
|1990= 156
|2000= 216
|2010= 162
|2020= 164
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A45|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 216 people, 83 households, and 58 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|61.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 92 housing units at an average density of {{convert|26.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 83.33% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 14.35% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.31% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.85% of the population.

There were 83 households, out of which 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.1% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.17.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 24.5% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 17.6% from 45 to 64, and 20.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.1 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $27,321, and the median income for a family was $43,750. Males had a median income of $24,063 versus $14,861 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,184. About 7.7% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 4.9% of those under the age of eighteen and 17.8% of those 65 or over.

