==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1920 = 389
| 1930 = 317
| 1940 = 290
| 1950 = 297
| 1960 = 218
| 1970 = 247
| 1980 = 276
| 1990 = 269
| 2000 = 245
| 2010 = 199
| 2020 = 189
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census">{{cite web |date=May 2023 |title=Census Bureau profile: Windom, Texas |url=https://data.census.gov/all?q=Windom%20town,%20Texas |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=May 27, 2024}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, 245 people, 97 households, and 71 families  were residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|446.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The 111 housing units averaged 202.3 per square mile (77.9/km{{sup|2}}). The [[Race (U.S. Census)|racial makeup]] of the town was 91.43% White, 6.12% African American, 1.22% Native American, and 1.22% from two or more races.

Of the 97 households, 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.8% were not families. About 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53, and the average family size was 3.03.

In the town, the population was distributed as 24.5% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 18.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $44,375, and for a family was $50,781. Males had a median income of $31,875 versus $32,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $17,779. About 5.8% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 9.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 20.0% of those sixty five or over.

The Hindu-Jain spiritual retreat in Windom is called [[Siddhayatan]].

