==Demographics==
As of the census of 2020, there were 572 people living in the CDP, for a population density of 6,021.05 people per square mile (2,335.28/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 275 housing units. The racial makeup of the CDP was 67.8% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 22.7% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.0% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 2.6% [[Race (United States Census)|Asian]], 0.2% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]], 0.5% from [[Race (United States Census)|some other race]], and 6.1% from two or more races. 2.4% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.<ref name="2020 census">{{cite web |title=Madison Place CDP, Ohio - Census Bureau Profile |url=https://data.census.gov/profile/Madison_Place_CDP,_Ohio?g=160XX00US3946736 |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=19 November 2023}}</ref>

There were 172 households, out of which 15.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a male householder with no spouse present, and 35.5% had a female householder with no spouse present. 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% were someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36, and the average family size was 2.79.<ref name="2020 census"/>

8.1% of the CDP's population were under the age of 18, 44.1% were 18 to 64, and 47.8% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 59.6. For every 100 females, there were 88.8.<ref name="2020 census"/>

According to the U.S. Census [[American Community Survey]], for the period 2016-2020 the estimated median annual income for a family in the CDP was $143,800. About 46.6% of the population were living below the [[poverty line]], including 100.0% of those under age 18 and 28.9% of those age 65 or over. About 42.6% of the population were employed, and 54.6% had a bachelor's degree or higher.<ref name="2020 census"/>

