==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 272
|1930= 351
|1940= 943
|1950= 691
|1960= 796
|1970= 513
|1980= 495
|1990= 375
|2000= 325
|2010= 290
|2020= 301
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 290 people, 136 households, and 85 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|439.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 183 housing units at an average density of {{convert|277.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 94.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.8% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.3% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.4% of the population.

There were 136 households, of which 23.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.66.

The median age in the town was 50.8 years. 19.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.9% were from 25 to 44; 35.4% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 53.1% male and 46.9% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 325 people, 166 households, and 92 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|489.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 195 housing units at an average density of {{convert|293.4|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 92.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.31% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.54% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.31% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.31% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.54% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.15% of the population.

There were 166 households, out of which 15.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 44.0% were non-families. 41.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.61.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 14.8% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 21.2% from 25 to 44, 32.0% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females there were 127.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 16.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $26,827, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $17,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $15,452. About 1.0% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.

