==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1860= 580
|1870= 624
|1880= 781
|1890= 658
|1900= 1172
|1910= 1537
|1920= 1178
|1930= 1292
|1940= 1366
|1950= 1220
|1960= 1231
|1970= 1192
|1980= 1352
|1990= 1134
|2000= 1179
|2010= 1022
|2020= 921
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 11, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 1,022 people, 417 households, and 274 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1703.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 514 housing units at an average density of {{convert|856.7|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.4% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.5% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 1.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.3% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.3% of the population.

There were 417 households, of which 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95.

The median age in the town was 38.5 years. 26.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 26.2% were from 45 to 64; and 15% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 50.5% male and 49.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,179 people, 476 households, and 343 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,908.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 527 housing units at an average density of {{convert|852.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.95% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.17% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.17% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.76% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.76% of the population.

There were 476 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 24.4% from 45 to 64, and 15.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,111, and the median income for a family was $35,313. Males had a median income of $29,803 versus $19,219 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,754. About 16.9% of families and 20.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 29.5% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.

