==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1880= 804
|1890= 788
|1900= 1014
|1910= 882
|1920= 952
|1930= 975
|1940= 1061
|1950= 1080
|1960= 1065
|1970= 1111
|1980= 1254
|1990= 1151
|2000= 1083
|2010= 989
|2020= 892
|estimate= 791
|estyear= 2021
|estref=<ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table?q=total&t=Population+Total&g=160XX00US1765845|title=Total Population|work=U.S. Census Bureau}}</ref> {{decrease}}
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 1,083 people, 438 households, and 296 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,333.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 478 housing units at an average density of {{convert|588.5|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 99.45% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.18% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.18% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.09% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.09% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.46% of the population.

There were 438 households, out of which 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.2% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.83.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 22.4% from 45 to 64, and 27.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.7 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,031, and the median income for a family was $37,125. Males had a median income of $30,625 versus $18,594 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $16,225. About 9.1% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 13.0% of those under age 18 and 6.0% of those age 65 or over.

