==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 117
|1890= 115
|1900= 107
|1920= 58
|1930= 78
|1940= 136
|1950= 132
|1960= 187
|1970= 232
|1980= 239
|1990= 154
|2000= 193
|2010= 171
|2020= 152
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=U.S. Decennial Census|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 6, 2013}}</ref>
}}
Tyonek first appeared on the 1880 U.S. Census as the unincorporated [[Tinneh]] village of "Toyonok Station and Village". It featured 117 residents, including 109 Tinneh, 6 Creole (Mixed Russian & Native) and 2 Whites.<ref>{{Cite web | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=Rr9RAQAAMAAJ&dq=tyonek&pg=PA49 | title=Geological Survey Professional Paper| year=1949}}</ref><ref>{{cite web |title=Statistics of the Population of Alaska |url=https://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1880a_v1-17.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |date=1880}}</ref> This settlement was initially located at Beshta Bay. It returned again as "Toyonok" in 1890 with 115 residents, all Native.<ref>{{cite web |title=Report on Population and Resources of Alaska at the Eleventh Census: 1890 |url=http://www2.census.gov/prod2/decennial/documents/1890a_v8-01.pdf |website=United States Census Bureau |publisher=Government Printing Office}}</ref> In 1900, it returned as Tyonek. It did not report on the 1910 census. It returned again in 1920. In 1930, it reported 78 residents, of which 74 were Native and 4 were White.<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://akgenweb.com/census/censuspdfs/1930AK3rdDistrictPartC.pdf |author=Department of Commerce - Bureau of the Census |title=Fifteenth Census of the United States: 1929 Population - Alaska |access-date=June 29, 2018 |archive-date=June 18, 2018 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20180618230225/http://akgenweb.com/census/censuspdfs/1930AK3rdDistrictPartC.pdf |url-status=dead }}</ref>

In the early 1930s, residents began to relocate {{convert|7|mi|0}} northeast to a new site, the "new" Tyonek, situated on higher ground because of flooding.<ref>{{Cite book | url=https://books.google.com/books?id=YtwUBQAAQBAJ&dq=new+tyonek&pg=PA274 |title = Shem Pete's Alaska: The Territory of the Upper Cook Inlet Dena'ina|isbn = 9781602232433|last1 = Kari|first1 = James|last2 = Fall|first2 = James A.|date = August 2003}}</ref> The original site became known as '''"Old Tyonek"''' or '''Tubughnen''' ("beach land"). Beginning with the 1940 census, the figures reflected the '''"New / Second Tyonek"''' or '''Tank'itnu''' ("fish dock stream"). Old Tyonek did not report separately again. The '''″Present / New Tyonek″''' or '''Qaggeyshlat''' (″little place between toes") was made a census-designated place (CDP) in 1980. The boundaries of the CDP now include the original (Old) Tyonek.<ref>{{cite web |title=Tyonek CDP |url=https://live.laborstats.alaska.gov/cen/maps/place/2010/79890.pdf |website=Research and Analysis Department of Labor - Alaska |date=October 2011}}</ref>

As of the census<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 193 people, 66 households, and 45 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was {{convert|2.9|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 134 housing units at an average density of {{convert|2.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 4.66% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 95.34% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].  2.59% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 66 households, out of which 42.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.3% were married couples living together, 22.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.8% were non-families. 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.42.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 37.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 5.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 124.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 128.3 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,667, and the median income for a family was $29,792. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $26,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $11,261.  About 2.1% of families and 13.9% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty five or over.

