==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1960= 805
|1970= 275
|1980= 257
|1990= 286
|2000= 382
|2010= 325
|2020= 380
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 325 people, 134 households, and 90 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1354.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 146 housing units at an average density of {{convert|608.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 86.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.6% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 10.5% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 1.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 14.5% of the population.

There were 134 households, of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.8% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 23.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 48.9% male and 51.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 382 people, 154 households, and 103 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,616.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 161 housing units at an average density of {{convert|681.1|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 97.64% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.83% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.52% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.62% of the population.

There were 154 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 22.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.93.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 23.8% under the age of 18, 10.7% from 18 to 24, 27.5% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.4 males.

As of 2000 the median income for a household in the village was $34,063, and the median income for a family was $38,409. Males had a median income of $26,518 versus $19,375 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,675. About 4.4% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 12.3% of those age 65 or over.

