==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1930= 265
|1940= 212
|1950= 172
|1960= 99
|1970= 96
|1980= 97
|1990= 78
|2000= 57
|2010= 53
|2020= 37
|estyear=
|estimate=
|estref=
|align-fn=center
|footnote=[https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html U.S. Decennial Census]
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-06}}</ref> of 2010, there were 53 people, 27 households, and 19 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|265.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 34 housing units at an average density of {{convert|170.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 27 households, of which 11.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 3.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.6% were non-families. 25.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.96 and the average family size was 2.21.

The median age in the city was 54.4 years. 11.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 15.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 7.6% were from 25 to 44; 51% were from 45 to 64; and 15.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 54.7% male and 45.3% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 57 people, 30 households, and 20 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|279.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 41 housing units at an average density of {{convert|201.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 30 households, out of which 16.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.90 and the average family size was 2.35.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 14.0% under the age of 18, 14.0% from 25 to 44, 40.4% from 45 to 64, and 31.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 54 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.2 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $16,786, and the median income for a family was $28,125. Males had a median income of $21,875 versus $13,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $12,820. There were 25.0% of families and 27.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 31.6% of those over 64.

