==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1880= 347
|1890= 266
|1900= 251
|1910= 262
|1920= 298
|1930= 265
|1940= 250
|1950= 259
|1960= 299
|1970= 361
|1980= 374
|1990= 324
|2000= 428
|2010= 612
|2020= 539
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 25, 2013}}</ref> of 2010, there were 612 people, 271 households, and 169 families living in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1700.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 284 housing units at an average density of {{convert|788.9|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 91.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.3% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 3.9% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 2.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 6.0% of the population.

There were 271 households, of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.6% were non-families. 32.8% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the town was 45.1 years. 20.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.2% were from 25 to 44; 29.4% were from 45 to 64; and 20.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 428 people, 190 households, and 121 families living in the town. The population density was {{convert|1,208.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 202 housing units at an average density of {{convert|570.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 95.79% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 3.50% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.70% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.70% of the population.

There were 190 households, out of which 27.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.85.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 23.6% under the age of 18, 1.9% from 18 to 24, 27.6% from 25 to 44, 24.5% from 45 to 64, and 22.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 83.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $47,813, and the median income for a family was $53,068. Males had a median income of $35,096 versus $22,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,858. About 1.6% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

