==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 176
|1990= 107
|2000= 139
|2010= 122
|2020= 139
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=http://www.census.gov/prod/www/decennial.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2016}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 139 people, 69 households, and 42 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|544.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 198 housing units at an average density of {{convert|775.2|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.40% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.88% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 0.72% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]].

There were 69 households, out of which 11.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.1% were non-families. 36.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 26.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.01 and the average family size was 2.62.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 11.5% under the age of 18, 2.2% from 18 to 24, 10.8% from 25 to 44, 32.4% from 45 to 64, and 43.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 62 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $122,423, and the median income for a family was $162,681. Males had a median income of $0 versus $31,563 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $82,091. 3.5% of the population is below the [[poverty line]]. Out of the total population, none of those under the age of 18 and 9.8% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.

Henlopen Acres and [[Greenville, Delaware|Greenville]] (where the DuPont estate is located) are the two [[Delaware locations by per capita income|richest places in Delaware]], all but tied for highest personal incomes, averaging over $80,000 per annum.

Only about one-third of the homes in Henlopen Acres are lived in year-round; the rest are vacation homes or rental properties. In 2000, the least expensive home was valued at $325,000 for real estate tax purposes and the value of all the land in Henlopen Acres was estimated at over $100 million.<ref name="Meehan, p. 229"/>

