==Demographics==
{{Historical populations
|title= Historical populations
|type= USA
|align= left
|1880|49
|1920|230
|1930|231
|1940|279
|1950|233
|1960|206
|1970|232
|1980|271
|1990|270
|2000|275
|2010|268
|2020|244
|source={{center|U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name=cen2020/>}}|footnote=Source:{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|title=U.S. Census website|access-date=2020-03-29}} and [http://data.iowadatacenter.org/datatables/PlacesAll/plpopulation18502000.pdf Iowa Data Center]
}}

The estimated median house or condo value in 2009 was $49,488, increasing from 2000 when it was $30,000.<ref name="cdLockridge">{{cite web|url=http://www.city-data.com/city/Lockridge-Iowa.html|title=City-Data|publisher=Lockridge|accessdate=January 17, 2011}}</ref>

===2020 census===
As of the [[United States census|census]] of 2020,<ref>{{cite web |title=2020 Census |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census/decade/2020/2020-census-main.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau}}</ref> there were 244 people, 106 households, and 72 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 390.8 inhabitants per square mile (150.9/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 110 housing units at an average density of 176.2 per square mile (68.0/km<sup>2</sup>). The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States census|racial]] makeup of the city was 91.8% [[White Americans|White]], 0.4% [[African Americans|Black or African American]], 0.8% [[Native Americans in the United States|Native American]], 0.0% [[Asian Americans|Asian]], 0.0% [[Pacific Islander Americans|Pacific Islander]], 2.5% from other races and 4.5% from two or more races. [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Hispanic or Latino]] persons of any race comprised 4.1% of the population.

Of the 106 households, 25.5% of which had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 7.5% were cohabitating couples, 25.5% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present and 19.8% had a male householder with no spouse or partner present. 32.1% of all households were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals, 11.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years old or older.

The median age in the city was 49.2 years. 23.0% of the residents were under the age of 20; 3.7% were between the ages of 20 and 24; 19.3% were from 25 and 44; 31.1% were from 45 and 64; and 23.0% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.4% male and 49.6% female.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-05-11}}</ref> of 2010, there were 268 people, 107 households, and 77 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|362.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 123 housing units at an average density of {{convert|166.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 3.4% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 4.5% of the population.

There were 107 households, of which 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 9.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.0% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.92.

The median age in the city was 39 years. 26.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.8% were from 25 to 44; 33.2% were from 45 to 64; and 10.1% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.2% male and 47.8% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 275 people, 103 households, and 73 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|376.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 109 housing units at an average density of {{convert|149.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.00% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.09% of the population.

There were 103 households, out of which 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.1% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.11.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 31.3% under the age of 18, 8.4% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $22,679 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $14,347. About 5.5% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 7.6% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.1% of those 65 or over.

