==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| 1910 = 1018
| 1920 = 1020
| 1930 = 1180
| 1940 = 1042
| 1950 = 853
| 1960 = 794
| 1970 = 782
| 1980 = 945
| 1990 = 887
| 2000 = 878
| 2010 = 910
| 2020 = 935
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 910 people, 371 households, and 220 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|486.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 432 housing units at an average density of {{convert|231.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.1% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.7% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 371 households, of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 40.7% were non-families. 32.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 39.7 years. 25.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.3% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.

===2000 census===

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 878 people, 356 households, and 206 families residing in the village. The [[population density]] was 470.5 people per square mile (181.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 394 housing units at an average density of 211.2 per square mile (81.3/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.86% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.23% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.34% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.23% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.23% from two or more races. 0.34% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 356 households, out of which 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.9% were non-families. 37.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 3.02.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.9% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.0 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $32,222, and the median income for a family was $41,667. Males had a median income of $30,268 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $14,571. About 7.7% of families and 12.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.

