==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1980= 272
|1990= 264
|2000= 707
|2010= 801
|2020= 941
|footnote=[[United States census|U.S. Decennial Census]]
}}
<!--As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 707 people, 323 households, and 114 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|459.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 1,052 housing units at an average density of {{convert|683.3|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.31% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.56% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.28% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 0.85% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.54% of the population.

There were 323 households, out of which 11.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 31.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 64.4% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.55.

Age distribution was 9.3% under the age of 18, 17.3% from 18 to 24, 48.2% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 3.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 160.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 156.4 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $48,864, and the median income for a family was $64,167. Males had a median income of $33,542 versus $32,188 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $35,657. About 2.7% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under the age of eighteen or sixty-five or over.-->
{{clear}}

