==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1900= 824
|1910= 1090
|1920= 1112
|1930= 1303
|1940= 1161
|1950= 1212
|1960= 1114
|1970= 1058
|1980= 926
|1990= 892
|2000= 881
|2010= 951
|2020= 930
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDP5Y2023.DP05?q=Hillburn+village;+New+York|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=August 20, 2025}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDP5Y2023.DP05?q=Hillburn+village;+New+York|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=August 20, 2025}}</ref> of 2020, there were 930 people, 297 households, and 214 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|395.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 403 housing units at an average density of {{convert|130.2|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village in 2023 was 48.1% [[White (U.S. Census)|white]], 18.3% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 5.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.9% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 41.7% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 40.0% of the population.<ref>{{cite web|url=https://data.census.gov/table/ACSDP5Y2023.DP05?q=Hillburn+village;+New+York|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=August 20, 2025}}</ref>

There were 297 households in 2020, out of which 42.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 17.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.9% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 46.5% had someone living alone who was 60 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.45 and the average family size was 4.20.

In the village, the population was spread out as of 2020, with 30.6% under the age of 18, 9.6% from 18 to 24, 39.8% from 15 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 13.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 82.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village in 2020 was $72.574, and the median income for a family was $80.795. About 11.7% of families and 16.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 21.2% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.

{{clear|left}}

