==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 302
|1920= 744
|1930= 472
|1940= 324
|1950= 162
|1960= 61
|1970= 31
|1980= 61
|1990= 37
|2000= 83
|2010= 79
|2020= 91
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name ="wwwcensusgov"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="2010 Census">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=December 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 79 people, 44 households, and 20 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|658.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 51 housing units at an average density of {{convert|425.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 98.7% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.3% from two or more races.

There were 44 households, of which 15.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 2.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 54.5% were non-families. 43.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.80 and the average family size was 2.50.

The median age in the town was 53.5 years. 13.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 1.3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 17.8% were from 25 to 44; 39.2% were from 45 to 64; and 27.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.4% male and 50.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |accessdate=January 31, 2008 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 83 people, 38 households, and 22 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|690.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 40 housing units at an average density of {{convert|332.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 96.39% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 1.20% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], and 2.41% from two or more races.

There were 38 households, out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 18.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.5% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.35.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 33.7% from 25 to 44, 28.9% from 45 to 64, and 4.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $32,917, and the median income for a family was $32,500. Males had a median income of $20,250 versus $25,000 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $13,572. There were 3.8% of families and 12.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 20.0% of under eighteens and none of those over 64.

