==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 142
|1930= 260
|1940= 161
|1950= 119
|1960= 76
|1970= 50
|1980= 46
|1990= 31
|2000= 24
|2010= 12
|2020= 12
|estyear=2024
|estimate=12
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2024">{{cite web|title=City and Town Population Totals: 2020-2024 |url=https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2020s-total-cities-and-towns.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |access-date=October 6, 2025}}</ref>
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|title=Decennial Census of Population and Housing |url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html |publisher=United States Census Bureau |website=www.census.gov |access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]], there were 12 people, 8 households, and 4 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|46.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 12 housing units at an average density of {{convert|46.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]].

There were 8 households, of which 50.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together and 50.0% were non-families. 50.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.50 and the average family size was 2.00.

The median age in the city was 64.5 years. 0.0% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 8.3% were from 25 to 44; 41.7% were from 45 to 64; and 50% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]], there were 24 people, 11 households, and 6 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|96.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 11 housing units at an average density of {{convert|44.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 87.50% [[Race (United States Census)|White]] and 12.50% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]].

There were 11 households, out of which 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 36.4% were non-families. 36.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.86.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 20.8% under the age of 18, 8.3% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 37.5% from 45 to 64, and 8.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 166.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 171.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was [[United States dollar|$]]24,583, and the median income for a family was $30,000. Males had a median income of $43,750 versus $12,500 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $10,137. There were no families and 11.1% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including no under eighteens and 100% of those over 64.

