==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1880 = 319
| 1910 = 650
| 1920 = 730
| 1930 = 789
| 1940 = 1094
| 1950 = 1254
| 1960 = 1472
| 1970 = 1681
| 1980 = 1740
| 1990 = 1732
| 2000 = 1913
| 2010 = 2016
| 2020 = 1907
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
As of the [[2020 United States census|2020 census]],<ref name=www.census.gov>{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=July 9, 2024}}</ref> there were 1,907 people, and 776 households. The [[population density]]
was {{convert|1433.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 800 housing units at an average density of {{convert|601.5|/sqmi|/km2|1}}.
The racial makeup of the village was 95.5% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.4% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]],
0.2% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]],
0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.6% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]], and 3.1% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]]
or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.2% of the population.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=November 18, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 2,016 people, 763 households, and 504 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|1515.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 823 housing units at an average density of {{convert|618.8|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.2% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.2% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.2% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 1.0% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 1.0% of the population.

There were 763 households, of which 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.98.

The median age in the village was 40.8 years. 24.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.3% were from 25 to 44; 22.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 45.0% male and 55.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 1,913 people, 710 households, and 474 families living in the village. The [[population density]] was 1,642.0 people per square mile (631.3/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 736 housing units at an average density of 631.7 per square mile (242.9/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the village was 98.95% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.16% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.26% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.05% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.58% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.42% of the population.

There were 710 households, out of which 32.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.1% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.99.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 29.7% from 25 to 44, 16.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.1 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $44,740, and the median income for a family was $53,833. Males had a median income of $35,897 versus $22,652 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $18,622. About 2.3% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 1.7% of those under age 18 and 24.9% of those age 65 or over.

