==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1870= 727
|1880= 719
|1890= 862
|1900= 1137
|1910= 1220
|1920= 1262
|1930= 1272
|1940= 1474
|1950= 1667
|1960= 1947
|1970= 2253
|1980= 2393
|1990= 2712
|2000= 3259
|2010= 3333
|2020= 3492
|estyear=2021
|estimate=3479
|estref=<ref name="USCensusEst2019CenPopScriptOnlyDirtyFixDoNotUse">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/data/tables.2019.html|date=May 24, 2020|title=Population and Housing Unit Estimates|publisher=United States Census Bureau|access-date=May 27, 2020}}</ref>
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of 2000, the median income for a household in the city was $50,221, and the median income for a family was $56,446. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $23,011. About 5.0% of families and 4.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 5.8% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2010, there were 3,333 people, 1,331 households, and 867 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was 854.6 people per square mile (330/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,409 housing units at an average density of 361.3 per square mile (139.5/km<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the city was 89.20% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.80% [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.80% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 9.40% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.20% from two or more races. 12.80% of the population were [[Hispanic]] or [[Hispanic and Latino Americans|Latino]] of any race.

There were 1,331 households, of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.9% were non-families. 29.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 100 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

