==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1890= 428
|1900= 552
|1910= 627
|1920= 562
|1930= 614
|1940= 818
|1950= 919
|1960= 797
|1970= 654
|1980= 1508
|1990= 1652
|2000= 940
|2010= 2082
|2020= 1254
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2020 census===
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:right"
|+Princeville racial composition<ref>{{Cite web|title=Explore Census Data|url=https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?g=1600000US3753840&tid=DECENNIALPL2020.P2|access-date=December 24, 2021|website=data.census.gov}}</ref>
!scope="col"| Race
!scope="col"| Number
!scope="col"| Percentage
|-
!scope="row"| [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] (non-Hispanic)
| 37
| 2.95%
|-
!scope="row"| [[African American (U.S. Census)|Black or African American]] (non-Hispanic)
| 1,162
| 92.66%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]]
| 1
| 0.08%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Race (United States Census)|Other/Mixed]]
| 36
| 2.87%
|-
!scope="row"| [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]]
| 18
| 1.44%
|}
As of the [[2020 United States census]], there were 1,254 people, 789 households, and 556 families residing in the town.

===2000 census===
The 2000 census data reflect the town shortly after 1999's [[Hurricane Floyd]]; a 2004 census recount had been conducted, doubling the town's reported population (see above).

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 940 people, 346 households, and 255 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|590.5|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 761 housing units at an average density of {{convert|478.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 97.45% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 2.23% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.11% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], and 0.21% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 0.64% of the population.

There were 346 households, out of which 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 27.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.21.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 24.9% from 25 to 44, 29.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 81.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 76.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $31,667, and the median income for a family was $35,625. Males had a median income of $23,281 versus $19,886 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $12,603. About 14.0% of families and 17.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.9% of those under age 18 and 20.7% of those age 65 or over.

