==Demographics==

{{US Census population
|1860= 121
|1870= 111
|1880= 201
|1900= 251
|1910= 236
|1920= 243
|1930= 250
|1940= 283
|1950= 165
|1960= 143
|1970= 126
|1980= 191
|1990= 232
|2000= 143
|2010= 135
|2020= 168
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[2010 United States census]], there were 81 people living in the city. The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% White.

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web |url=https://www.census.gov |publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]] |access-date=2008-01-31 |title=U.S. Census website }}</ref> of 2000, there were 111 people, 50 households, and 36 families living in the city. The population density was {{convert|176.2|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 56 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.9|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.10% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 0.90% from two or more races.

There were 50 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.0% were non-families. 28.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.67.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 18.9% under the age of 18, 6.3% from 18 to 24, 24.3% from 25 to 44, 29.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.7 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $15,833, and the median income for a family was $17,500. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $31,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $8,252. There were 40.0% of families and 57.6% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 92.7% of under eighteen and 11.8% of those over 64.

