==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1930 = 254
| 1940 = 224
| 1950 = 257
| 1960 = 144
| 1970 = 137
| 1980 = 217
| 1990 = 185
| 2000 = 253
| 2010 = 221
| 2020 = 181
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 192
| estref = {{increase}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 253 people, 97 households, and 62 families residing in the town.  The population density was {{convert|198.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 119 housing units at an average density of {{convert|93.3|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the town was 98.81% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]] and 0.40% [[Race (United States Census)|Pacific Islander]].  0.40% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 97 households, out of which 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.35.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 33.2% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 17.0% from 45 to 64, and 13.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $19,583, and the median income for a family was $26,250. Males had a median income of $22,321 versus $18,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $8,633.  About 10.5% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 12.9% of those under the age of 18 and 20.7% of those 65 or over.

