==Demographics==
{{US Census population
| align = left
| 1910 = 289
| 1920 = 264
| 1930 = 363
| 1940 = 248
| 1950 = 248
| 1960 = 183
| 1970 = 227
| 1980 = 247
| 1990 = 342
| 2000 = 399
| 2010 = 391
| 2020 = 365
| estyear = 2025
| estimate = 362
| estref = {{decrease}}
| footnote = U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|access-date=January 31, 2008|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2010, there were 391 people, 146 households, and 105 families residing in the city.  The population density was {{convert|205.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  There were 180 housing units at an average density of {{convert|94.7|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}.  The racial makeup of the city was 95.9% [[Race (United States Census)|White]], 0.3% [[Race (United States Census)|Black]] or [[Race (United States Census)|African American]], 0.5% [[Race (United States Census)|Native American]], 0.8% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 2.6% from two or more races.  2.0% of the population were [[Race (United States Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Race (United States Census)|Latino]] of any race.

There were 146 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 28.1% were non-families. 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.15.

The distribution of age in Winslow reflects a change in the population that has occurred between 2000 and 2010 as the percentage of individuals under the age of 18 has dropped from 28.6% to 21.5% and individuals 24-44 dropped from 23.3% to 20.2%. All other age categories have in turn risen, those 18 to 24 have risen from 8.0% to 9.7%, those age 45 to 64 rose 25.8 to 33.5%, and those who were 65 years of age or older rose from 14.3% to 22.4%. This population shift is likely a result of the closure of the Winslow Public School district, as families with children left the area and new families have not replaced them. The median age was 43.6 years.  For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $32,692, and the median income for a family was $45,000. Males had a median income of $31,389 versus $41,719 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $15,415.  About 11.5% of families and 23.6% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 30.9% of those under age 18 and 13.7% of those age 65 or over.

