==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 808
|1960= 1423
|1970= 1841
|1980= 1671
|1990= 1668
|2000= 1267
|2010= 1430
|2020= 1343
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=July 8, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, 1,430 people, 672 households, and 369 families resided in the village. The [[population density]] was {{convert|560.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. The 759 housing units averaged {{convert|297.6|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The [[Race (U.S. Census)|racial makeup]] of the village was 95.1% White, 0.8% African American, 0.4% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.7% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 5.0% of the population.

Of the 672 households, 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.7% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 45.1% were not families. About 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.75.

The median age in the village was 45 years. Around 16.6% of residents were under the age of 18, 8.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24, 25.1% were from 25 to 44, 32.6% were from 45 to 64, and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 52.0% male and 48.0% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, 1,267 people, 596 households, and 345 families resided in the village. The population density was {{convert|506.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. <!-- There were 626 housing units at an average density of {{convert|250.0|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 94.55% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 2.29% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.39% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.71% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.39% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.66% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.37% of the population. -->
<!-- There were 596 households, out of which 22.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.1% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.72.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 27.9% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.4 males. -->
The median income for a household in the village was $39,271, and for a family was $44,861. Males had a median income of $29,531 versus $23,990 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $20,000. About 4.3% of families and 4.7% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 5.7% of those age 65 or over.

