==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 215
|1930= 318
|1940= 371
|1950= 435
|1960= 569
|1970= 669
|1980= 742
|1990= 409
|2000= 469
|2010= 435
|2020= 457
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 469 people, 218 households, and 139 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|469.1|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|people&nbsp;|people}}. There were 252 housing units at an average density of {{convert|252.0|/mi2|/km2}}. The racial makeup of the town was 88.91% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 7.89% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.07% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.21% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.85% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 1.07% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 3.41% of the population.

There were 218 households, out of which 22.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.70.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 18.8% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 24.7% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 27.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,886, and the median income for a family was $45,833. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $21,923 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $18,536. About 0.7% of families and 6.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including none of those under age 18 and 12.7% of those age 65 or over.

In 2023, the population estimate for Salemburg was 486.<ref>{{Cite web |title=Census profile: Salemburg, NC |url=https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US3758840-salemburg-nc/ |access-date=2025-01-24 |website=Census Reporter |language=en}}</ref>

