==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 300
|1930= 214
|1940= 244
|1950= 192
|1960= 172
|1970= 205
|1980= 286
|1990= 207
|2000= 177
|2010= 192
|2020= 209
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-07-08}}</ref> of 2010, there were 192 people, 93 households, and 50 families living in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|320.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 104 housing units at an average density of {{convert|173.3|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 99.0% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 1.0% from [[Race (U.S. Census)|other races]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.7% of the population.

There were 93 households, of which 21.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.6% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.2% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.74.

The median age in the city was 46.4 years. 16.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24% were from 25 to 44; 30.1% were from 45 to 64; and 22.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 177 people, 81 households, and 52 families living in the village. The population density was {{convert|296.7|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 97 housing units at an average density of {{convert|162.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 95.48% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], and 4.52% from two or more races.

There were 81 households, out of which 24.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.8% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.19 and the average family size was 2.81.

In the village, the population was spread out, with 20.9% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 29.4% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 20.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $31,250, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $30,500 versus $28,214 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $15,476. About 5.1% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 6.3% of those under the age of eighteen and 16.7% of those 65 or over.

