==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1950= 110
|1960= 83
|1970= 75
|1980= 66
|1990= 44
|2000= 53
|2010= 48
|2020= 42
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2012-12-18}}</ref> of 2010, there were 48 people, 17 households, and 11 families residing in the city. The [[population density]] was {{convert|192.0|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 22 housing units at an average density of {{convert|88.0|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the city was 93.8% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 6.3% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]].

There were 17 households, of which 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 35.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.82.

The median age in the city was 34 years. 41.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 2.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.8% were from 25 to 44; 27.1% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 58.3% male and 41.7% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=2008-01-31|title=U.S. Census website}}</ref> of 2000, there were 53 people, 18 households, and 14 families residing in the city. The population density was {{convert|209.1|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 23 housing units at an average density of {{convert|90.8|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the city was 94.34% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]] and 5.66% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]]. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 5.66% of the population.

There were 18 households, out of which 44.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.2% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, and 22.2% were non-families. 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.50.

In the city, the population was spread out, with 35.8% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.5 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $23,125, and the median income for a family was $28,333. Males had a median income of $15,000 versus $18,750 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the city was $9,889. None of the population and none of the families were below the [[poverty line]].

