==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1970= 2672
|1980= 3348
|1990= 3677
|2000= 4232
|2010= 4418
|2020= 4050
|align-fn=center
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|author=United States Census Bureau|author-link=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 5, 2013}}</ref><br>2020 Census<ref name="2020 Census (City)"/>
}}

As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 4,232 people, 1,151 households, and 926 families residing in the CDP. The [[population density]] was 689.4 people per square mile (266.1/km<sup>2</sup>). There were 1,278 housing units at an average density of 80.4/km<sup>2</sup> (208.2/mi<sup>2</sup>). The racial makeup of the CDP was 72.38% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.01% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 1.75% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], 0.66% [[Asian (U.S. Census)|Asian]], 0.05% [[Pacific Islander (U.S. Census)|Pacific Islander]], 14.72% from [[Race (United States Census)|other races]], and 5.43% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 24.22% of the population.

There were 1,151 households, out of which 55.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 22.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.5% were non-families. 13.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.41 and the average family size was 3.72.

In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 40.5% under the age of 18, 15.1% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 13.8% from 45 to 64, and 5.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 22 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $26,645, and the median income for a family was $26,496. Males had a median income of $28,966 versus $20,052 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the CDP was $9,134. About 29.3% of families and 36.8% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 42.4% of those under age 18 and 27.0% of those age 65 or over.

