==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|align=left
|1920= 173
|1930= 150
|1940= 164
|1950= 110
|1960= 93
|1970= 65
|1980= 52
|1990= 38
|2000= 66
|2010= 34
|2020= 19
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref><ref name="USCensusDecennial2020CenPopScriptOnly">{{cite web|url=https://api.census.gov/data/2020/dec/pl?get=P1_001N%2CNAME&for=place%3A%2A&in=state%3A46|title=Census Population API|publisher=United States Census Bureau|accessdate=October 15, 2022}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 21, 2012}}</ref> of 2010, there were 34 people, 15 households, and 10 families residing in the town. The [[population density]] was {{convert|61.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 21 housing units at an average density of {{convert|38.2|/sqmi|/km2|1}}. The racial makeup of the town was 85.3% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 5.9% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 8.8% from two or more races.

There were 15 households, of which 26.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 6.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.3% were non-families. 33.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.90.

The median age in the town was 47.5 years. 14.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.8% were from 25 to 44; 47% were from 45 to 64; and 17.6% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 52.9% male and 47.1% female.

===2000 census===
As of the [[census]]<ref name="GR2" /> of 2000, there were 66 people, 19 households, and 9 families residing in the town. The population density was {{convert|121.6|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 28 housing units at an average density of {{convert|51.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the town was 84.85% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 13.64% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.52% from two or more races.

There were 19 households, out of which 21.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.3% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 52.6% were non-families. 47.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 3.22.

In the town, the population was spread out, with 19.7% under the age of 18, 3.0% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 25.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females, there were 407.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 430.0 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $17,250, and the median income for a family was $34,375. Males had a median income of $36,250 versus $11,250 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the town was $11,405. There were 23.1% of families and 40.2% of the population living below the [[poverty line]], including 52.2% of under eighteens and 57.9% of those over 64.

