==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1910= 600
|1920= 680
|1930= 833
|1940= 868
|1950= 930
|1960= 876
|1970= 711
|1980= 646
|1990= 615
|2000= 491
|2010= 490
|2020= 401
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|access-date=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}
As of the [[census]] of 2000, there were 491 people, 198 households, and 139 families residing in the village. The population density was {{convert|659.8|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 220 housing units at an average density of {{convert|295.6|/sqmi|/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. The racial makeup of the village was 98.17% [[White (U.S. Census)|White]], 0.61% [[African American (U.S. Census)|African American]], 0.20% [[Native American (U.S. Census)|Native American]], and 1.02% from two or more races. [[Hispanic (U.S. Census)|Hispanic]] or [[Latino (U.S. Census)|Latino]] of any race were 2.04% of the population.<ref name="GR2" />

There were 198 households, out of which 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were [[Marriage|married couples]] living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.89.<ref name="GR2" />

In the village, the population was spread out, with 22.0% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.6 males.<ref name="GR2" />

The median income for a household in the village was $37,639, and the median income for a family was $44,750. Males had a median income of $31,776 versus $22,813 for females. The [[per capita income]] for the village was $21,172. About 2.1% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.<ref name="GR2" />

