==Demographics==
{{US Census population
|1920= 145
|1930= 114
|1940= 126
|1950= 101
|1960= 94
|1970= 151
|1980= 164
|1990= 161
|2000= 189
|2010= 190
|2020= 189
|footnote=U.S. Decennial Census<ref name="DecennialCensus">{{cite web|url=https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html|title=Census of Population and Housing|publisher=Census.gov|accessdate=June 4, 2015}}</ref>
}}

===2010 census===
At the [[2010 United States census|2010 census]] there were 190 people, 82 households, and 51 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|1583.3|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|1}}. There were 86 housing units at an average density of {{convert|716.7|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2010 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 97.4% White, 1.1% African American, 1.1% Asian, and 0.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6%.<ref name ="wwwcensusgov">{{cite web|title=U.S. Census website|url=https://www.census.gov|publisher=[[United States Census Bureau]]|accessdate=June 24, 2012}}</ref>

Of the 82 households 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.8% were non-families. 31.7% of households were one person and 8.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.96.

The median age in the village was 37.6 years. 24.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 32.1% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 14.7% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.1% male and 48.9% female.

===2000 census===
At the [[2000 United States census|2000 census]] there were 189 people, 77 households, and 49 families in the village. The population density was {{convert|1,334.4|PD/sqmi|PD/km2|sp=us|adj=off}}. There were 82 housing units at an average density of {{convert|579.0|/mi2|/km2|disp=preunit|units&nbsp;|units|}}. The [[Race and ethnicity in the United States Census#2000 census|racial makeup]] of the village was 100.00% White. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.06%.<ref name="GR2" />

Of the 77 households 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.9% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.1% were non-families. 26.0% of households were one person and 9.1% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.00.

The age distribution was 24.3% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 32.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.

The median household income was $50,750, and the median family income was $55,417. Males had a median income of $32,500 versus $23,250 for females. The per capita income for the village was $21,620. About 4.7% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the [[poverty line]], including 16.7% of those under the age of eighteen and 9.5% of those sixty five or over.

